The Terrible Loss (c) 98 by me, A. Fleury
All "Sonic the Hedgehog" characters and related indicia (c) and TM Sega.
Used without permission.
Vassily, Neophyte, Cyto, and Anacharis (c) A. Fleury 
Packbell (c) David Pistone 
Also used without permission! (He's not in it very long, BTW.)
 
This document may be freely distributed, as long as it's not altered in
any way. If you want to use my characters, then please ask me.
Ok, peoples, this story contains: some mild violence...just a warning...
 :)
 
"The Terrible Loss"
By A. Fleury


Prologue:
        Overlander Territory. The name is void, but still, it sticks to
the small wasteland area of Mobius. Once, it was a flourishing military
base for the human soldiers in the Great War. The outcome of the war, 
of course, was the victory of the Acorn kingdom.
        The Overlanders were a band of human rebels, who had decided 
that they were superior to the monarchy of King Acorn and that their 
ideas for ruling were by far superior. Every single one of the rebels 
had been killed, except for one, Julian Ivo, who had broken away from 
the rebels to join King Acorn's troops. He was soon after appointed as 
War Minister for his outstanding battle tactics. 
        Most humans weren't trusted now, even though most of them had 
been on the side of the king. Perhaps it was because of the Great 
Betrayal, the coup of War Minister Julian Ivo, who had overthrown the 
king soon after the Great War was won. He banished the monarch to the 
Void, and began his reign as tyrant over Mobius. Every Mobian knew of 
the coup, where Julian Ivo had changed his name to Robotnik, and 
changed the capital city, Mobotropolis, to Robotropolis. That was 
ancient, 11-year old history.
        During the Great War, the Overlanders had captured many 
Mobians, including one mother skunk and her young boy. They allowed her
and the child to live with them for a while, but a year later, the 
mother was killed after insulting an Overlander general. 
        The child hadn't witnessed the murder. He'll make a fine 
solider, they thought and so they fed him lies--told him it was Acorn's
troops that had killed his mother. They trained him in fighting skills;
guns, and hand-to-hand combat. The orange-eyed boy was strong and 
sturdy, but he was always reckless and had a quick temper.
        His name was Cyto.
 
        The Mobian Desert. The harsh land of the blazing sun, shifting 
sands, and dry rocky areas, cliffs, and scattered waterholes. The 
creatures of the desert are hardy, and very tough; resistant to heat, 
thirst, and cold also, as the desert is freezing at night. They know 
the art of survival well.
        A tribe of black humans roam the sands of the desert; they call
themselves the SandRacers. In this tribe was born a girl named 
Neophyte. She was always a strong one, very intelligent, loyal to her 
beliefs, strong-willed, and not easily scared.
        Although secluded, the desert people did have their fair share 
of laser weapons and other technological goodies, like computers. And 
so, Neophyte was excellent with these also.
 
        The Great Swamp. This miserable area is not an easy place to 
live in, with its hidden pools of quicksand, dangerous animals, and 
uncomfortably damp climate. Not many live here. Those that do are very 
tough. They are good climbers and swimmers. From the depths of this 
swamp come some of Mobius's magic-users.
        Deep in the ruins of the abandoned IronLocke Prison was born a 
3-tailed kitsune with a natural flair for magic. She was very patient. 
She tended to get over-emotional and easily depressed. Some said she 
fell in love too easily, she was too loyal, too passionate for her own 
good.
        The kitsune, she of the topaz eyes, was named Anacharis.
 
        The Great Forest. Location of the famed village of Knothole. 
This was the hideaway place in the Great War, should the capital city 
ever be taken over. Of course, during the coup, it was. The children of
Mobotropolis--all those who had not been captured, were quickly taken 
to Knothole when the king was overthrown. Now, 11 years later, they 
established themselves as the Knothole Freedom Fighters, the most 
prominent group against Robotnik. They were led by the blue blur, the 
fastest creature alive, Sonic the hedgehog, and the gem of the Acorn 
kingdom, Princess Sally Acorn. 
        But other people dwelled in the Great Forest, even though the 
forest was always in danger from Robotnik, and Knothole was the only 
sanctuary in the woods.
        Born in the deep of the forest, amidst the ferns and lady 
slippers, born from the leader of the ClawHand Tribe was a boy. 
Green-eyed and slight, he was the pride of his mother, and indeed the 
whole tribe.
        "He be smart," they would whisper, "he be very smart." And he 
was. The boy was named after his grandfather, killed in the Great War.
        The boy's full title was Vassily II.
        So what do these four have in common? Well, they all eventually
stumbled upon each other.
 
        Cyto found out the truth about his mother one night when he was
 standing guard and overheard two Overlanders talking. One was drunk, 
and his voice was loud and boasting.
        "That skunk boy, 'e don't know that we was the ones that killed
'is mummy!" 
        The other Overlander said, "Sssh, he might be around..."
        Cyto's sharp ears had heard, and the truth washed over him like
acid. He trembled in disbelief, and then rage. His temper--a fine 
delicate string--snapped. With his laser rifle in hand, he followed the
two soldiers and shot them both fatally. Then he fled.
        A few days later, King Acorn's army had a new recruit.
 
        The SandRacers had tried to convince Neophyte not to go. "We 
can fight the Overlanders just fine here," they said. "There's no need 
to join the infantry."
        "Since when have you oppressed bravery and loyalty to our 
kingdom? If you stop me, you are teaching me fear."
        They sighed and gave in. "Well, at least get a pilot's job. 
That's much safer."
        The black girl snorted, donned her backpack, and left. She did 
join the infantry.
        
        At one time in the war, a small group of Overlander troops did 
reach the hastily-built wall of Mobotropolis. It was a futuristic 
battle of Troy, with laser fire shooting back and forth from the base 
of the wall to the top. However, a small group of Mobian soldiers 
hiding in the nearby brush surprised the humans. 
        Among them was Neophyte. She was proud of her accomplishment; 
killing five Overlanders, while the rest of her group killed the 
others. The one casualty to the Mobian side was hers. 
        A dying Overlander fired his pistol and it grazed her leg. She 
received a two-inch deep cut across her thigh. She stumbled in surprise
and pain, but before she could fall, a pair of strong arms caught her.
        "You ok?"
        She looked up into a pair of intense orange eyes. The skunk 
glanced at her injury. "Flesh wound. You'll be fine."
        "I know," she said, standing up. "But thanks."
        "My pleasure." He stuck out his large paw. "The name's Cyto."
        She grasped his hand. "Neophyte."
        They shook.
 
        One year later, the Acorn kingdom triumphed and crushed the 
Overlander rebellion. They tore down the wall and had a 3-day 
celebration in Mobotropolis. Thousands came from everywhere. Cyto and 
Neophyte, who had been good friends since that handshake, were also 
there.
        "Great party," said Neo.
        Cyto nodded. "We deserve it."
        Somebody bumped into Neo. She cursed, spilling her wine.
        "I'm sorry, miss," said a meek voice.
        Neophyte turned around to see a pretty little vixen...no, a 
kitsune; 3 tails swept the ground behind her.
        "Geez, I'm sorry...I'm so clumsy..."
        "Don't worry about it," replied Neo. "This isn't a time to 
fight. That's over."
        "Um..." The kitsune looked timid. "I'm all by myself here...can
I...hang out with you?"
        "Of course. I'm Neophyte."
        "Cyto."
        The kitsune nodded. "I'm Anacharis."
        The peace didn't last for long. A week later was the coup of 
Julian Ivo, renamed as Robotnik.
        The group of three had escaped Robotnik's robot soldiers, 
SWATbots. To escape more fighting, they had fled to a secluded island. 
Their peace lasted for a long time. 11 years in fact. Then their peace 
was shattered when Robotnik discovered the island and captured most of 
its inhabitants. Once again, the three escaped him.
        There was no denying it now. This was another war, an all out 
war. They began to call themselves freedom fighters and became 
determined to fight against the tyranny.
        Vassily was the most recent addition to their group. They had 
traveled to the Great Forest after their island was invaded, to join up
with the Knothole Freedom Fighters. The forest was huge, the village 
location secret, and they wandered around for several weeks.
        One day, Anacharis stopped walking suddenly and looked around. 
"Someone's nearby."
        She looked up into the high tree branches and gasped. "Look!"
        Huddled on a branch was a young ringtail boy.
        "Hey, what are you doing up here?" Anacharis called. "Come 
down! Please, we won't hurt you."
        The boy wailed. "They all be dead! All of 'em. They all be 
dead!"
        "Who's dead?"
        He just sobbed and clutched the branches tighter.
        "Please, come down."
        More wailing.
        Cyto growled low in his throat. "Too soft, Ana." He stepped 
forward. "Listen, you strapling, get down here! We ain't standing 
around, listening to your crying all day. So unless you wanna be all 
alone, boy, I suggest you get your little butt down here!"
        "Cyto..." Anacharis started. "That's not going to-"
        But the boy, still sniffling, moved to the trunk of the tree 
and slid down. 
        "Now," said Cyto, in a much gentler voice, "tell us what 
happened."
        He wiped tears from his wet green eyes. "I be from the ClawHand
ringtail tribe. My mama be the leader." He started to sob again, but 
then got control. "Some of the Fat One's robots came in an they kilt 
the whole tribe. The whole tribe..." His breathing was starting to get
light and frantic. "I was out gettin' berries an I came back an...an...
an the robots were walkin' off an everyone be dead, they were all 
layin' there, there was smoke an' blood everywhere, an' the babies! The
babies...no...an' Mama was layin on the ground an' she didn't move an'
then I saw the blood..." He was talking fast, breathing wildly, his 
eyes glazed and little body shaking violently.
        Cyto grabbed his shoulders and shook. "Boy! Calm down, boy, 
it's over."
        The ringtail gasped and then buried his face into Cyto's chest,
crying his heart out. Cyto clasped his arms protectively around the 
small body, holding him close. 
        Later, they discovered the child's name, Vassily. Having no 
relatives left to his name, the young boy stayed with the group of 
three and became determined to avenge the death of his mother, his 
father, his tribe, and anyone else who had suffered from Robotnik's 
reign.
        And now: The story begins...
 
(One month after Vassily was found...and before Doomsday)
        The leaves ahead rustled softly in a swirl of warm night air 
blowing through the Great Forest. 
        "We'll never find it," Vassily complained. "It be too 
secretive."
        "That's because we're going about it the wrong way," growled 
Cyto, looking over the crackling fire at the kitsune. "We shouldn't 
find Knothole, it should find us. We make a big commotion. One of the 
Freedom Fighters will find us. -Bam- We're in Knothole."
        "But making all that noise will surely attract Robotnik as 
well," protested Anacharis. "We just need to be patient. We'll find it."
        "Arghh!" Cyto stood up, kicking dirt into the fire angrily. The
flames flickered, but continued dancing. "You and your patience, Ana. 
It's a virtue. A virtue!" he sneered. "I'm not a patient man!" He 
slammed one fist into his other palm. "I'm tired of waiting!"
        Vassily flinched as Cyto circled the fire, both hands now 
balled into tight powerful fists.
        Cyto saw the boy cower, and he softened. Slowly his fists 
melted into hands. "I'm just tired of waiting," he said quietly. "We 
could be fighting, but we're just walking around. It does nothing for 
our side to just walk around."
        "True," said the kitsune. "But when we find it, we'll be able 
to fight with the others." She closed her eyes. "Including the 
princess." She looked over at Cyto. "But we can't alert Robotnik to our
presence. He can't know we're here...not yet."

************

        A group of SWATbots in the main building of Robotropolis stood 
aside as a small man ran down the hall, clutching some papers in one 
hand.
        Panting, he paused before the command center doors to catch his
breath, straighten his uniform, and smooth back the few remaining 
strands of his hair. Then he pushed open the doors and strolled into 
the command center.
        Oh great. Robotnik was drumming his fingers on the arm of his 
chair. It was not a good sign. It meant that Robotnik was thinking, and
when he thought, he usually thought of all the times he had been 
failed, and all his plans that had been foiled by Freedom Fighters. And
he got very irritated and impatient as a result of his thoughts. And 
when Robotnik got impatient, he was easily angered, and when he was 
angry, he was violent.
        The little man opened his mouth to speak, but Robotnik swiveled
the chair around with a push of a button, and eyed his skinny lackey.
        "What is it, Snively?" His deep metallic voice boomed through 
the chamber like the growl of distant thunder.
        Snively approached the chair and cleared his throat. "Well, 
sir, Stealthbot patrols have detected some animals in the Great Forest.
They appear to have a camp there, sir."
        "The hedgehog?"
        "No, sir." Snively looked down at his papers and leafed through
them. "Data from the Stealthbots confirm that there is a skunk, a 
ringtail, a human-"
        Robotnik's eyes glowed a bright red.
        "-and a kitsune." Snively paused to smirk evilly. "There is 
magical energy detected from the kitsune, sir."
        "Magical energy?" Robotnik grabbed the papers from Snively's 
hand and scanned them quickly.
        "Snively, I want them captured. Tomorrow morning. And I 
especially want that kitsune!"
        "Yes, sir. I'll get a team of SWATbots after them."
        "Get to it."
 
        The Next Morning:
        
        "What be wrong, Ana?" asked Vassily. He gazed over at 
Anacharis, who looked glum.
        The two friends were combing the forest for any signs of 
Knothole. Neo was searching elsewhere, and Cyto was also on his own.
        "Well, we might as well split up and search," Cyto had grumbled
earlier that morning. "And meet back here tonight. At least we'll cover
more ground in less time."
        Everyone had nodded in agreement, Cyto and Neo had gone their 
separate ways, and Anacharis and Vassily had begun to search together.
        "I don't think we should've split up," mumbled Anacharis. "I 
have a bad feeling. Something's wrong."
        "Are ya sure?"
        "Yeah. It feels heavy, you know, like heavy on my heart. And I 
feel nervous too...like I'm being hunted."
        Vass looked around anxiously. He didn't feel anything. None of 
his senses registered danger. The forest was filled with happy birdsong
and the gentle rustle of leaves. 
        They continued walking. Anacharis shook her head, but she 
couldn't shake off the feeling of foreboding and dread that settled 
over her.

***********************
        Neophyte had noticed the smell for some time. It was like 
exhaust fumes, sulfur, gasoline, and rotting fish rolled into one 
disgusting stench. She noticed the flowers and ferns were getting 
wilted and brown the further she walked in this direction.
        The trees ended abruptly. There was a long stretch of dusty 
gray wasteland between the edge of the forest and...an enormous 
sprawling city. A cloud of gray smog clung to the metal spires and 
twisted towers.
        She could see robots patrolling around the outskirts of the 
city. She felt a sharp stab of pain as she realized this is what the 
glorious city of Mobotropolis had been converted to. It was like...
light consumed by darkness; purity consumed by corruption. The tainted 
air burned her lungs and she coughed. "Knothole is NOT around here," 
she said aloud, her voice filled with disgust.
        A metallic clanking sounded behind her. She glanced over her 
shoulder and saw a group of four robots marching her way. She crouched 
low and scuttled away; they hadn't seen her.
        Then suddenly metal legs stepped in front of her, and a red 
light washed over her. She looked up, her eyes narrowed against the 
scarlet glare.
        A robot had its laser arm extended down at her. There were six 
more behind it.
        "Halt, Intruder."
        There was no time to go for her laser pistol. Two of the robots
reached down and snagged her by the wrists. 
        One robot spoke into a communicator on its wrist. "SWATbot 
017385 reporting. We have captured an intruder, sir. She is one of the 
four we are ordered to capture."
        The com link crackled with static and then a snooty nasal voice
answered, "Very good. Bring her to cell D."
 
 
        Later that evening:
        
        Snively was a bit disappointed with the events of the day so 
far. The group had apparently broken camp. They weren't anywhere to be 
found, expect for the human that the SWATbots had apprehended.
        Snively sighed deeply, polishing his laser pistol on his sleeve
before stuffing it back into his belt. A human is not a kitsune, and as
usually, Robotnik would be annoyed.
        **Oh well. At least I didn't completely fail.**
        He was about to enter the command center, but had stopped to 
make sure he looked all right. Robotnik didn't care for sloppiness.
        Robotnik looked up as his nephew entered the room. "Have you 
captured the kitsune, Snively?"
        "No, sir."
        Robotnik's eyes began to glow red in anger.
        "But, the SWATbots did apprehend the human, sir," said Snively 
quickly.
        "Oh really?" rumbled the Fat One, his eyes dimming slightly. 
        "Oh yes, sir," said Snively, with his crooked nervous smile. 
"She was just outside the borders of Robotropolis, snooping around."
        "Hmmmm." Robotnik tapped his fingers on the chair. "It's likely
that her friends, including the kitsune, will attempt to rescue her. 
Then I'll have that magic energy for the taking!"
        Snively suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. "So, we wait, 
sir?"
        "You can interrogate the human while we wait for our powerful 
little friend." Robotnik chuckled evilly.
        "But doesn't Packbell do the interrogations, sir?"
        Robotnik sighed, then decided not to smack Snively. "Yes, he 
usually does, but this time I'm asking YOU. So go do it, and quit 
questioning my orders!"
        Snively jumped as Robotnik raised his voice. "Oh yes, sir. 
Right away, sir."
        He trotted out of the command center. The doors clicked shut 
behind him. "Quit questioning my orders," he mimicked with a sneer.        
        Not that he minded doing interrogations. **They are so wickedly
fun**, he thought. **Especially when there's torture involved.** He 
couldn't help laughing as he headed towards the holding cells.
 
******
        Anacharis was pacing in circles around the ashes of last 
night's fire. Cyto watched her from where he leaned against a tree, his
eyes narrowed and impatient. 
        Vassily kicked some of the ashes around, and then looked at the
darkening sky with a loud sigh. "Where be she?" he asked, voicing the 
question on everyone's mind.
        "She's just late, that's all," said Anacharis brightly, still 
pacing. But her hands, clasped tightly at her chest, showed her doubts.
        Cyto growled. "She's been captured, I guarantee."
        Anacharis eyed the sky also. "It's not completely dark yet, 
Cyto. She'll be back pretty soon."  
        "She could be lost," suggested Vassily.
        Cyto punched a fist into his palm. "If she ain't back in two 
hours, I'm heading for Robotropolis..."
        Anacharis opened her mouth.
        "...alone, if I have to..."

****************
        Neophyte sat in her cell, her head in her hands. The bars of 
the small cell glowed with a strange blue light, and she had been 
afraid to touch them. This area of the city was damp, and water was 
condensed on the metal walls. She shivered in her tank top, and peered 
out the tiny window. 
        There was nothing to be seen but darkness. Moonlight was 
blocked by the smog clouds that hugged the city.
        -Clank- She jumped at the sudden sound echoing down the 
hallway. It grew louder. -Clank-clank-clank- She realized it was robots
coming down the hall, their feet clanking on the metal floor. She 
peered through the bars as two robots came to a halt in front of her 
cell.
        "Ah, and how is our prisoner?" The voice was irritating; 
high-pitched, nasal, and very arrogant.
        She stared at the robots. "Who programmed your voices? They're 
awful!"
        "Ahem." Two small hands appeared between the two 'bots, pushing
them aside. A small man squeezed through, and gave her an evil look.    
        "Hi," she said.
        "Hello yourself," he responded coldly. 
        "Oh, so you're the one with the irritating voice," she said.
        He scowled.
        She smirked a little, then looked around. "I'd like to know why
I'm here, please. And where's Robotnik? He is the leader of this city, 
isn't he?"
        "Unfortunately, yes," said the little man. "I need to ask you 
some questions."
        "Like what, shorty?"
        "You'll see," he replied, with a wicked smile. She noticed he 
was holding a small remote-like device in his hand. 
        She felt her fists clench at his expression; an unpleasant, 
insolent sneer, practically undressing her with his eyes. "What the 
hell do you want? Stop looking at me like that. Who the hell are you, 
anyway?"
        "I am..." He paused dramatically. "...Snively the Great. 
Second-in-command." He looked haughtily at her, demanding respect.
        But she only scoffed. "You don't look so great to me."
        She eyed him with a smirk. He was much shorter than her. She 
was 5'7", and guessed he was probably 4 feet or maybe a little less. 
Nor was he impressive in bulk; he was pathetically skinny. She could 
practically see the bumps of his ribs through his uniform. 
        He was talking again. "I have just a few questions for you."
        "Like what, Mr. Great?"
        He smiled for a split second, then regained the snooty 
demeanor. "Where is Knothole?"
        "I don't know."
        "Are you sure you don't?"
        "Yes, I'm pretty sure." She turned to look out the window; 
there had been a clanking sound outside.
        "Why were you in the Great Forest?"
        "Huh?" She turned back to Snively. "Oh--just hanging around."
        "If you don't start answering my questions, I'll..."
        "You'll what?"
        "Have you roboticized," he threatened, shaking a tiny fist at
her. He yelped as his hand grazed a bar of the cell, giving him a 
shock. She laughed.
        "I'm not answering your silly questions, you stupid little 
thing. I want to see Robotnik himself, not some dorky midget."
        His blue eyes narrowed and he hissed, "Very well, Little Miss 
Bitch. I can have that arranged."
        An alarm sounded down the hall, and a computerized voice spoke 
over the loudspeakers. "Fire in lab D3, Fire in lab D3."
        Snively waved his hand at the two SWATbots, and they went 
running off down the hallway.
        Then he turned to a panel on the wall. "Unlock."
        "Voice recognized. Hand-scan required," came a computerized 
voice from the panel. Snively let out an exaggerated sigh, and pressed 
his hand to a touchpad on the panel. 
        "Scan complete. Access granted."
        The cell door swung open.
        "Well, come along then," he said to Neophyte.
        She stepped out of the cell.
        "Well, come on."
        There were no robots. No 'bots? Just empty air between her and 
Robotnik's little lackey. The fool.
        She lunged at him. He didn't even flinch; he merely pressed a 
button on the small remote-like device.
        She dropped to her knees with a strangled yelp. Electricity 
surged through her body like fiery razors and her muscles locked up 
painfully.
        He released the button with a nonchalant flick of his finger.
        She whimpered, uncurling from her fetal ball. Shakily, she rose
to her feet.
        "So Miss Bitch thought she was smart, didn't she?"
        "How..."
        He pointed a bony finger at her throat. "Didn't notice your new
collar?"
        She hadn't, but now she felt it. It was smooth polished metal, 
replacing the silver beads she had worn before getting captured.
        He tapped the remote. "With a push of this button, the collar 
sends an electrical pulse through your nerves. Hold it down long enough
and it will eventually kill you--but we don't want that, do we?" He 
smiled creepily at her.
        "You're a little prick."
        His smile remained. "I try. Now come on."
        She followed him down the hall, her hands itching to grab the 
little shit and throttle him.
        They were standing in the roboticizer room.
        "So now what?" she asked.
        "Well, since you refuse to answer my questions, I'm forced to 
roboticize you." He eyed her with half-closed eyes; an expression she 
didn't particularly care for. "Such a shame," he added.
        She glared at him, not appreciating the leer plastered on his 
face.
        It didn't matter if she was dark-skinned, it made no difference
to him. She was a woman...a human woman...and she had all the womanly 
parts... **She's so beautiful...such a shame she has to roboticized. 
Perhaps I could convince her to save herself...by becoming my personal 
servant...**
        He was still staring at her, but he wasn't seeing her. Cyto's 
eyes clouded over like that so often when he was deep in thought.
        Now was her chance. She lunged at him, grabbing his wrist. He 
shrieked in surprise, dropping the remote. 
        "Let go!" He struggled to free himself from her grip.
        She twisted his arm behind his back in one violent motion. The 
pain made him scream. Desperately, he stomped his feet on the floor, 
trying to connect with the remote button. She twisted his arm even 
further, her teeth clenched in a snarl of pleasure as he cried out 
again.
        Spots of red danced before his eyes and he gasped for air to 
keep from fainting, dimly aware that he had dropped to his knees. 
Through the haze of pain, he saw the remote nearby and desperately 
flung his free hand at it. The button pressed down under his palm.
        Neophyte let out a wail and released him. He held the button 
down for a few moments angrily, enjoying the sight of Neo thrashing in 
agony.
        The screen on the wall blinked on. "Snively!" Robotnik's voice 
roared out of the speaker.
        "Yes, sir?" Snively turned around, still holding the button.
        Robotnik's red pupils eyed Neo, curled in a ball of pain on the
floor.
        "I told you to roboticize her, Snively! What are you doing?"
        "She attacked me, sir."
        "Stop that at once."
        Snively released the button, sorry that her whimpers had 
stopped. 
        She couldn't stand up. Her legs were shaking too badly. Her 
whole body trembled violently and she wheezed noisily for air.
        "So, you refused to answer my questions?" asked Robotnik.
        She drew in a big breath, and stared cunningly at him. "No."
        "No what?"
        "No, I didn't refuse." Her voice trembled, but rang with 
confidence.
        Robotnik's eyes shifted to Snively--a gaze that could stone 
into lava. "WHAT?"
        The little man wilted under his stare and stammered, "W-w-well,
sir, she DID refuse. S-s-s-she said that s-she'd only a-answer to you."
        "Oh? And you neglected to tell me this? Y-y-you-arghhh!" 
Robotnik's voice rose to his typical bellow of anger.
        "But she was just buying time, sir," said Snively timidly, 
wiping sweat off his forehead.
         "I don't care!" bellowed the tyrant. "Bring her down here 
immediately!" The image flickered off.
        "Well," said Neophyte, standing up. Her legs shook slightly, 
but she was mostly recovered. She smirked down at the short man. "You 
sure got chewed out."
        "Oh shut up," he said. He nodded at the SWATbots. She felt her 
wrists enclosed in their metal grip.
        Snively just stood looking at her, with her arms held behind 
her back.
        "Quit staring," she said.
        "You look very nice," he said suddenly, in a low voice.
        She glared. "Don't you think about it." His eyes were shining 
in a strange way.
        "If you lay a finger on me, I'll kick your face in." 
He shook his head, his eyes clearing up. "Come on," he said, starting 
to walk away.

*************
        
        Cyto looked at the smog-choked boundaries of the city. "That's 
where she is." Vassily hid behind the skunk, looking nervous.
        "Are ya sure, Cyto?"
        No, he's not, thought Anacharis. He just wants to stir up 
trouble, as usual. But she said nothing.
        As they advanced towards the city, Cyto drew his laser pistol.

*************
        "So," said Robotnik, as Neo and Snively entered the room. "So, 
this is the pretty little human."
        He gripped her chin with one hand, staring into her light brown 
eyes. "You are quite beautiful, Freedom Fighter."
        He released her, turning slightly. "As for you, Snively..." He 
suddenly backhanded the little man across the face. "Don't disobey me 
again! Understand?"
        Snively gasped, nodding, as he held a hand to his bleeding 
mouth. Neophyte laughed. Robotnik did too.
        "So, Freedom Fighter, what were you doing in the Great Forest?"
        "Well," said Neo, smiling charmingly. "We wanted to join the 
winning side of the war." She winked slowly at Robotnik. "That would be
yours."
        "Well," said Robotnik. "That's all very good. Then, you won't 
mind telling me about your kitsune friend."
        "Of, of course not," replied Neo. "I told that little fool I'd 
answer any question of yours." She glanced over at Snively. He glared 
at her, still pressing his hand to his mouth. Blood was starting to 
dribble down his fingers.
        "Her name's Ana. She's magical."
        "Yes...I know," said Robotnik. "So your friends will be along 
soon, hmmm? Peacefully, of course, since they wish to join me."
        Neo was clever. "They may not be peaceful," she warned. "Not if
they think you've captured me."
 
***************
        Cyto slid around a junk pile and into one of the dark streets 
of the city, with the laser pistol in his grip. Ana and Vassily 
followed close behind.
        "Hey! Hey, you!" Cyto whirled around at a voice in back of 
them, pushing Ana and Vass behind him.
        A robotic hedgehog was running towards them. Cyto raised his 
pistol and fired. The hedgehog stumbled and fell.
        "Run!" growled Cyto, and the three took off, racing past metal 
dumpsters and sleek metal walls.
        
        Uncle Chuck pushed himself up with one hand and inspected the 
damage from the laser shot. It was clean through his left leg. He 
breathed a sigh of relief--no major wires or circuits had been hit.


        Vassily pointed a finger at the large egg-shaped building that 
they now stood in front of. 
        "She's in there," said Cyto bluntly. Ana gazed up at the 
building, trying to swallow the lump in her throat.
        "Are you sure?"
        Cyto eyed the command center's door, where two SWATbots stood 
guard.
        "Ana, distract them," he commanded.
        The kitsune opened her mouth to protest, but Cyto's tightly 
closed mouth and narrowed eyes convinced her not to argue. 
        She raised a hand and squinted her eyes, concentrating. Glowing
purple energy surrounded her hand and she shot a bolt of it at a 
dumpster down the street. The two 'bots swiveled their heads to look at
each other. But they didn't move.
        "What's with them? Didn't they hear that?"
        Ana flexed her fingers. "They heard it."
        "Then why..."
        "They have priorities," said Vassily. Then the ringtail cried, 
"What the hell be that?"
        "Vass, don't swear," scolded Ana, following his gaze to a 
floating metal object. It was about a foot across, with a red glowing 
center. It floated nearer to them and Cyto aimed his pistol at it.


        "Sir!" yelped Snively. "There they are!"
        Robotnik leaned in to study one of the surveillance monitors, 
where SpyEye 203 was sending in its transmission. "Seems your friends 
and...my 'allies'...are coming in with guns blazing," commented 
Robotnik, as Cyto squeezed the trigger.
        The monitor's screen sizzled with static.
        "Like I said...they think I've been captured." Neophyte 
shrugged her muscular shoulders. 
        "Sir, you don't really believe her...?" whispered Snively. 
        Robotnik glared at his nephew. "Snively, what do you think?"
        Well, Julian, I really don't know the answer to that one... You
could be playing along with her, but are you really even that smart, 
you fat stupid fool? But he said nothing---Robotnik was giving him that
shut-the-hell-up look.
        Robotnik pressed an intercom button and bellowed, "All SWATbots
DO NOT apprehend the intruders."
        "Sir, do you think that's wise?" asked Snively in alarm.
        Robotnik smacked him across the face with his organic hand. 
"Don't you dare question me, Snively! Remember, they're on OUR side."
        Sniv snapped his mouth shut, his blue eyes like cold chips of 
ice.
        Robotnik leaned against the computer console, smiling at 
Neophyte. She smiled pleasantly back.
        "I can hardly wait for our friends to arrive," he said.
 
**********
        Cyto, Vass, and Ana crept along the dimly lit corridors of the 
building. 
        "Where be all the guards?" asked Vass, in a quiet voice.
        "Who cares? Where's Neo?" 
        Anacharis glanced over at Cyto, her yellow eyes nearly glowing 
in the low light. "This place is huge--floors and floors. We'll never 
find her!"
        Cyto slammed the side of a huge black fist into the metal wall.
The ringtail leaped away in surprise and Ana herself jumped.
        "You kids! Afraid of everything!" growled the skunk. "Neophyte 
is our friend--and Ana, you don't even want to look for her! Why don't 
you go back to camp if all you're going to do is complain?"
        "How dare you! I DO want to find her! But we don't know where 
to start!"
        Cyto opened his mouth, but suddenly a hissing noise came from a
speaker on the wall near them. Then a deep metallic voice rumbled out. 
"Ah friends, how are you?"
        Vass cowered against Cyto, and the skunk draped a reassuring 
hand onto the boy's shoulders. 
        "Are you Robotnik?" asked Ana.
        "Why, yes indeed."
        Ana frowned. "Why have you captured our friend?"
        Robotnik could not help smirking as he talked into the 
intercom. "She tells me you came here to join my forces."
        Ana's eyes widened a little and Cyto scowled. Then Vass spoke 
up. "Yeah, that be right."
        "Is that so?" Robotnik's voice was slightly amused.
        "Oh yeah," responded Vassily. "You be clearly the winnin' side!
Only fools would oppose you." His tone became arrogant as the young 
ringtail puffed out his chest. "We be no such fools!"
        "Would you like an escort to lead you to me?"
        The trio exchanged glances.
        Robotnik tapped his fingers on the console, his fat lips 
curling in a malicious grin.
        "Yeah, please," came Vassily's reply.
        Robotnik nodded at a SWATbot near the door, taking his hand off 
the intercom button. "Go and LEAD them here. Do not restrain them...
UNLESS they wander away from you."
        "Yes, sir," responded the 'bot in its monotone voice. It 
clanked out of the room.
        A few moments later, the trio entered the room. Vass jumped as
the doors slammed shut behind them.
        "Ah, welcome, my friends," said Robotnik.
        "Neophyte!" Cyto's eyes lit up.
        "Come over here," said Robotnik, gesturing with his hand. The 
trio obeyed, walking further into the room.
        "Watch." Robotnik's smile was meaner than a snake's. He gave a 
small nod at two SWATbots and they seized the trio. Cyto struggled as 
Robotnik walked over to Neophyte, who had also been grabbed. 
        Neo fought against the robot's grip as Robotnik raised a 
gun-like device to her head. He pressed the trigger and Neo let out a 
small cry and slumped down to the floor.
        "What have you done to her?" screamed Cyto, twisting in the 
'bot's metal grip.
        "Calm down, dear boy," said the mad doctor. "I'm only testing 
my newest invention...AND fulfilling your wish!" He laughed wickedly. 
"For this is a roboticizer gun, allowing me to control, but keeping the
body organic! She has indeed joined my forces!"
        He crossed his arms over his fat stomach. "I will probably use 
her to find Knothole, and assassin the dear princess and the hedgehog."
        "You creep!" snarled Cyto.
        Robotnik laughed.
        "You...you bastard!"
        Robotnik kept laughing.
        Anacharis raised one hand and touched the 'bot holding her. 
Energy flowed through her splayed fingers and the robot suddenly 
crumpled, releasing her. Cyto wrenched free and charged at Robotnik.
        "Stop him!" howled the doctor, but the SWATbots were rendered 
useless by crackling bolts of energy from Anacharis.
        Cyto drew his pistol and advanced on Robotnik. 
        "Stay back," warned Robotnik, holding the roboticizer gun.
        Cyto pulled the trigger and Robotnik screamed in pain as a 
laser shot hit his hand. The roboticizer gun clattered onto the ground.
Drops of blood dripped beside it as Robotnik clutched his injured hand.
        His eyes widened as Cyto came nearer, the laser pistol firm in 
his hand.
        Then the door slid open and Commander Packbell waltzed in. 
"Sir, I've..."
        "Packbell!" wailed Robotnik. "Get him!"
        The android charged at the skunk. Ana raised her hand and 
Packbell was surrounded by a glowing red light. Then he flew across the
room, his metal skull clanking as it connected with the wall.
        
        Cyto aimed the gun directly between Robotnik's red eyes.
        "Say goodbye," he said softly.
        Snively watched silently as Cyto's finger tightened on the 
trigger. He pulled his laser pistol from his belt and eyed it, then 
looked at Cyto and the trembling Robotnik.
        **Should I? Or should I let him die...oh screw it.** "Hey!" he 
said loudly. Cyto turned only his head and laughed.
        "Wait your turn, needlenose. I'll get to you."
        Cyto pulled the trigger. The gun beeped. Robotnik winced. Cyto 
pulled the trigger again.
        --Beep-Beep- His eyes widened. His gun was an older model---one
that needed recharging! In its voice of beeps, the gun was howling, "Recharge me!"
        "No!" he yelled, whirling to face Sniv.
        The little man laughed his hateful laugh and sighted right 
between Cyto's orange eyes. 
        Those orange eyes narrowed. "Are you going to shoot me? If so, 
then do it now."
        Snively hesitated for a second, then sneered, "All right." His 
finger squeezed the trigger.
        Cyto's body hit the ground with a dull thump. The laser 
cauterized the flesh as it seared through it, so there was little 
blood. But Cyto was motionless; lifeless.
        Anacharis screamed.
        Packbell stood up, rubbing his head.
        Robotnik's voice was shaky. "Take them away, Commander. Even 
her." He pointed towards the limp Neophyte.
        The android had little trouble with this task. Ana and Vass 
were too shocked to struggle. He grabbed them by their wrists in one 
hand, and draped Neophyte and Cyto over his shoulders. He walked out of
the room.
        Robotnik looked over at Snively. "You could've missed," he 
said, "and hit me."
        "Well, you certainly are grateful," said Snively. 
        Robotnik frowned.
        His nephew snorted angrily, threw the gun down, and stalked out
of the room.
        Robotnik was silent for once.

*******
        Packbell shoved Ana and Vass into cell D. "Enjoy your stay," he
rasped. "It shouldn't be too long, I assure you." His laugh echoed down
the hallway as he strode away.
        "We're gonna die here," whispered Vassily.
        Anacharis grabbed him in her arms, and felt him trembling. 
"Sssh," she said. "We can't die...we can't..."
        They rocked back and forth, sniffling and crying. Outside, the 
city streets rang with the clanking of robot feet, and the scream of 
hovercraft. Ana and Vass heard none of it, only their whispered prayers...
 
        The End...for now!