                   What is wrong with Princess Sally?
                          By: Joya Nappo

   
  If I were to name this summer, I would call it, the "Sally-bashing
summer".  And I for one am sick of it!  I also believe Sally-bashing has
gone to an extreme almost.  Because a lot of times this summer lots of
people on the alt.fan.sonic-hedgehog newsgroup were bashing Sally,
making up jokes about her, mocking her, and saying Amy Rose was better. 
Also, if you check the section on Calico's Leterbox, you'll see there's
a lot of Sally bashing around that page.  Also, some people here in
Sonic HQ hate her.  

  The question is, why is everyone against this character?   Who would
they rather see?  Snively?  Besides, Amy Rose is a little girl, Sally is
Sonic's age, and I say she's perfect for Sonic.  She's headstrong,
intellegent, knows how to defend herself, and she's also a mother figure
to Sonic, and a surrogate mother to Tails.  I don't see why a lot of
people keep bashing her, is it because a lot of the male characters from
the comic have a crush on her?  Such as Sonic, Geoffrey, Antoine, &
Knuckles?  Is it because she acts like a leader, or she's not a wimpy
damsel-in-distress type?

  If anyone thinks Amy Rose is better, I say they should leave us Sally
fans alone.  Also, Amy Rose is just a character who has a crush on
Sonic, and will also be in that new Sonic Adventure game.  Sally's been
in comics & cartoons, and has done a lot more then she ever will.  I'm
suprised nobody's bashed Bunnie, Dulcy, Rotor, Amy Rose, or even
Antoine.  But why Sally?  


                                                  Joya Nappo
                                                  forza@concentric.net

