


                   WHEN A BUNNIE MEET A BUNNIE

                      A Bunnie Rabbot story

                       by Daniel J. Drazen


PAUSE FOR BOURGEOIS LEGALITIES: This story is copyrighted (c)1996
by the author.  The characters are the property of SEGA, DiC
Productions, and/or Archie Comics, with the exception
of those characters created by the author.  The situation of this
story is inspired by "The Good, The Bad, and the Hedgehog" and
"When Hedgehogs Collide", both written by Mike Kanterovich
and Ken Penders for Archie Comics.  I'd hate to be the lawyer in
THIS custody fight!  All the normal restrictions under Title 17
(the copyright laws) still apply.

DUE TO MATURE CONTENT, READER DISCRETION IS ADVISED!
=================================================================


     It was mid-summer and there was a lightning storm coming. 
None of the residents of Knothole liked this kind of weather.  It
wasn't that they minded getting wet.  Except for the
ever-fastidious Antoine, all of them had had opportunity enough
to get cold and wet and dirty in the process of fighting against
Robotnik.  For the most part they'd learned how to take the
elements in stride.
     But there was something unsettling about an approaching
lightning storm; it set everyone's nerves on edge.  Rotor tried
explaining that it was due to the build-up of positive ions
in the environment awaiting discharge during the storm, but while
his explanation was supposed to enlighten it did little to
comfort anyone.
     And that's how Bunnie felt as she listened to Rotor's
explanation for what to her must have seemed like the 50th time.
     "Rotor, can't y'all just ferget about the science lesson? 
Ah thought we were supposed to be fixin' this whatchamacallit."
     "The Timespace Matter Projector Monitor.  I haven't been
able to scan for the location of the Void because it's been
acting up on me.  Probe."
     Bunnie handed the instrument to Rotor, who was bent over
with his head inside the housing of the apparatus.  "Well, how
soon are you gonna finish?" Bunnie asked testily.  "Mah fur feels
like it's ready to jump off mah skin!"
     "That the static in the air.  Wrench."
     "Get it yourself, blubber butt!"
     "Say what?"
     "Sorry, Rotor.  Ah don't know what came over me."
     "It's OK, Bunnie; we'll all feel better once the storm
breaks.  Now could I please have that wrench?"
     Bunnie picked up the wrench, ready to hand it to Rotor.  All
of a sudden, there was a tremendous crash as a bolt of lightning
dove down through the trees and toward the metal roof of
Rotor's hut.  For a second every dial on the Timespace Matter
Projector jumped and glowed before settling back down again.
     "Bunnie, I'm not ready to power up the unit yet!  Just hand
me the wrench."
     There was no reply.
     "Bunnie, let me have it!"
     Rotor stood up but remained upright only for a moment.  The
next thing he knew he was sinking to the floor, his head
throbbing with pain.
     "Aunt Bunnie!?"
     Tails had ducked into the doorway of Rotor's hut to get out
of the storm as it was breaking.  He had arrived just in time to
witness what appeared to be Bunnie grasping a good-sized wrench
and hitting Rotor over the head with it.  
     Bunnie dropped the wrench, turned and ran out of the hut. 
As she passed Tails she backhanded him across the face with her
mechanical arm.  The force of the blow knocked him against the
nearby wall.  The cub slumped to the floor unconscious.
     Outside, Sally was quickly walking past the huts of
Knothole, making a visual check that things were secure against
the storm.  She then saw Bunnie running from Rotor's hut.
     "Bunnie?  Where do you think you're going?" she called to
her.  Bunnie didn't slow down, but kept running across the bridge
and into the Great Forest.  Just at the end of the bridge,
Bunnie passed Sonic the Hedgehog returning from Uncle Chuck's
hideout in Robotropolis.  She gave him a shoulder block that
knocked him off his feet, and kept on running.
     "Yo, Sal, what's with Bunnie?"
     "I don't know.  I saw her tearing out of Rotor's.  I'd
better check it out."
     "Right with you!"
     They were almost at Rotor's when they stopped short.  The
door was open and Tails' unconscious form was clearly visible in
a sudden flash of lightning.  They ran to him, Sonic getting
there first.  He picked up the cub and cradled him in his arms.
     "Tails!  Wake up!  It's me, little bro!"
     But Tails remained unconscious.  Then they both heard a
groan and looked behind them.  Rotor was struggling to his feet. 
There was a serious gash on the side of his head and he was
trying to stop it from bleeding without much success.
     "Take it easy, Rotor," Sally said as she guided Rotor to a
nearby chair.  She pressed down on Rotor's wound to stop the
bleeding.  "Can you tell us what happened?"
     "Bunnie conked me with a wrench...I think."
     "Bunnie did WHAT?"
     "Sal, what about Tails?"  There was an urgency in Sonic's
voice that Sally wasn't used to hearing.  It meant that Sonic was
afraid, afraid of losing Tails.
     "Take him to Bookshire, then tell Bookshire to get over here
to have a look at Rotor."  Sonic was gone before Sally could draw
a breath.  She turned her attention back to Rotor. 
     "You're going to be OK," she assured him.  "It looks pretty
bad but it could just be superficial.  Now tell me what
happened."
     "Bunnie was helping me work on the Timespace Matter
Projector Monitor.  I needed a wrench and when I asked to let me
have it, she did!"
     "That just doesn't sound like Bunnie!"
     "It didn't look like Bunnie, either."
     "What are you talking about?"
     "I saw her out of the corner of my eye just before she
clobbered me.  It looked like she had a big brass ring in her
left ear, like it had been pierced in two places.  I didn't know
Bunnie wore earrings!"
     "She doesn't.  And she's never had her ears pierced, either! 
Did you notice anything else?"
     "No.  I asked for the wrench and she...wait a minute!"
     "What?"
     "Just before that, when I was working on the Timespace
Matter Projector, I heard a really loud clap of thunder, and the
Projector powered up for a second.  Then it went down again. 
That was just before Bunnie clobbered me."
     Sally thought about it for a moment then unclipped Nicole,
her hand-held computer, from the top of her boot.  She inserted
it into a slot on the control panel of the Projector.  "Nicole,
run diagnostic on Timespace Matter Projector.  See if anyone's
been transported within the last few minutes."
     "UNABLE TO CARRY OUT REQUEST.  INITIAL 
DIAGNOSTIC REVEALS HEAVY DAMAGE TO 72% OF
 CIRCUITS CAUSED BY ELECTRICAL OVERLOAD.  
ESTIMATE REPAIR TIME OF TWO DAYS PROVIDED 
NECESSARY COMPONENTS ARE READILY AVAILABLE."
     "OK, just see if you can determine the last coordinates that
the Projector was set to."
     "WORKING...COORDINATES IDENTIFIED."


     "Hey, Bunnie, you gonna give me that wrench some time this
year?"
     Bunnie was never more lost in her life.  A moment ago she
had been standing in Rotor's sloppy but familiar workshop.  Then
there was a flash of light and a loud crash, like thunder.  Now
she was standing inside some sort of dimly-lit garage with
multiple bays.  The smell of waste oil and combustion smoke was
heavy in the air.  And Rotor was wearing some kind of peaked cap
made of black leather.  
     "Forget it!" Rotor snarled as he grabbed the wrench from
Bunnie's hand.  "If you can't make yourself useful, get          
out of here.  And whatever you're on, try cutting the dose!"
     Bunnie thought she was going to faint.  None of this was
making sense.  She looked around the garage.  It was as cluttered
as Rotor's workshop but this clutter seemed more the result of
deliberate carelessness than Rotor's simply flitting from project
to project.  She saw that she was standing next to a workbench
and leaned against it.
     She heard a door open and saw Tails walking in.  It looked
like Tails, sort of, except that he wore a black windbreaker and
sunglasses.  He looked at Bunnie for a moment.
     "Hey, Rote, what's HER problem?"
     "How should I know?  She probably got hold of some bad junk. 
Forget about her!"
     "Well she'd better clean up her act in about thirty seconds, 
cause that's when...."
     Tails stopped talking as the door opened.  Whoever it was
just stood there, silhouetted against the daylight outside.
     "OK, long ears, come on.  You know Sonic doesn't like to be
kept waiting."
     This wasn't Sally, Bunnie told herself.  The face and the
voice were the same, but she was wearing some kind of black
leather body suit with a heavy, studded belt.  Mostly, however,
it was the attitude: Bunnie could almost taste the disdain, the
anger in her voice.  Rotor and Tails were clearly apprehensive,
as if they knew she had a violent temper and could turn it on
them at any moment.  This was definitely NOT Sally.
     "Ah...Ah need to rest, to...."
     "Save it for someone who cares.  When Sonic says  'Now' he
means two minutes ago.  Now move that tail of yours before I do
it for you!"  
     Whether out of impatience or malice or a combination of the
two, Sally knocked Bunnie's hand away from the workbench so that
she fell toward it face first.  Then she grabbed Bunnie by
the ears and walked the still-shocked rabbit out of the garage
and out onto the street.   
     Bunnie, wide-eyed, looked at a world that was alien to her
and yet familiar at the same time.  She was in the heart of a
city very much like Robotropolis, yet this city was ordered and
neat.  It didn't show the decay and disrepair that had befallen
Mobotropolis after Dr. Robotnik had taken it over and named it in
tribute to himself.  Then Bunnie realized that that's what was
familiar about it!  This WAS that old Mobotropolis, much as she
remembered it from her childhood.
     But there was still something seriously wrong.  The streets
were broad and clean, but they were also virtually deserted. 
Wouldn't a city like this show more signs of life?
     Bunnie didn't have much time to wonder because Sally had
seized her upper right arm and was now practically dragging her
down the street.  Still too dazed to offer any resistance, Bunnie
tried to keep up.
     "What I heard about you better not be true," Sally said as
she kept up the pace.
     "Ah don't think you...."
     Bunnie never got to finish the sentence as Sally whipped her
so her back slammed into a nearby wall.  She then grabbed Bunnie
by the throat.
     "Look," Sally snarled, "let's make sure you understand
something.  Sonic only keeps you around because he thinks you're
easy on the eyes and because you're stupid.  The moment I sense
you trying to do any thinking I'm coming down on you so hard
you'll wish you'd never been born.  Got it?"
     Bunnie could only nod.
     "Let's go," she said, rudely pushing Bunnie ahead of her. 
Then she added, "I hope you remember what day this is."
     "What?"
     "Great!  Looks like you got an early start."
     Bunnie had no idea what Sally meant, but she kept on
walking, with Sally close behind her.  She was too confused to
try to make a run for it.  She didn't know where to run to!
     Sally didn't say another word until Bunnie started walking
past a deserted storefront that, according to an old sign, had
once housed a video arcade.  Sally reached out and got a handful
of her tail.
     "Where do you think YOU'RE going?"  She shoved Bunnie
inside.  They crossed the dusty floor and passed a couple of
lifeless old games.  Sally was pushing Bunnie toward a door in
the back of the room, so Bunnie went through it.
     "All right!  It's party time!"
     Bunnie was unprepared for this.  It was Sonic, but what was
he wearing?  A black leather jacket, hobnail boots and a pair of
shades?  If this was a party, it must be a masquerade party.
     "Yeah," Sally drawled, and guess who started partying
without you."  She slammed the door, leaving Bunnie and Sonic
alone.
     "No problemo, kid.  Just so long as you saved some room for
the spiciest chili dog on Mobius!"


     "Doctor Robotnik, Sir!"
     "This had better be important, Snively," Robotnik growled as
he looked up from the schematics laid out on the table before
him.
     "It IS, Sir!  One of the freedom fighters has surrendered to
a SWATbot patrol!"
     Robotnik turned.  "WHAT did you say?"
     "One of the Knothole freed..., er, REBELS has surrendered to
a SWATbot patrol only moments ago!"
     "If  this is some kind of joke...."
     "Nothing of the kind, Sir!  Watch the monitor; I'll play
back the video of the encounter."
     Snively began feverishly working the dials while Robotnik
settled back in his chair.  Dr. Robotnik had no sooner started
drumming his fingers when the image flickered to life.  Clearly
visible on the video monitor was a rain-soaked Bunnie, as seen
from the point of view of a SWATbot.
     "Am Ah glad to see YOU guys!  Ah don't know what the
hoo-ha's happenin' to me, but Ah got to get to Dr. Robotnik and
fast!"
     "You see, Sir?"  Snively could hardly contain his joy as he
switched off the monitor.  "She DID surrender herself!  She's in
a holding cell at this very moment on Level 4."
     Robotnik rose to his feet.  "Yes, Snively, this IS an
occasion.  Or it could be a trap.  Double the guards on Level 4
and bring in all available SWATbots to surround the building. 
It's time we had a little chat with our guest."
     Bunnie, for her part, was pacing in her cell.  She'd managed
to escape from Sonic and his gang in the rain, but the effort has
taken its toll and she was exhausted by the time she reached the
outskirts of the city.  Yet something was wrong: this wasn't the
Mobotropolis she knew.  The streets were grimy and dilapidated,
the air foul and choking.  Still, she took time to catch her
breath before venturing out onto the street.  She thought herself
lucky that the first thing she saw was the familiar sight of a
PatrolBot.  That reminded her of one of the few Mobians who had
ever showed her a measure of kindness.  If anyone could help her
unravel this mystery that was surrounding her, it would be Dr.
Robotnik.
     Yet the strangeness wasn't going away; if anything, it was
deepening.  The PatrolBot called her a "freedom fighter" and
announced that she was being placed in detention "by order of
Robotnik."  Still, Bunnie held out hope that Dr. Robotnik could
answer her questions.  Yet when Dr. Robotnik appeared wearing
some kind of red and black uniform instead of his usual surgery
whites, Bunnie started to feel more lost than ever.
     "You were wise to surrender yourself, freedom fighter.  It
saves us both a lot of trouble."
     "What the hoo-ha are you talkin' about, Doc?  Ah ain't never
heard of no freedom fighters.  And who's THIS little twerp?"
      Snively drew himself up to his full height, which wasn't
much.  The name is  Snively,' you rebel upstart!"
     "Gimme a break, Doc.  Snively's a software program!"
     "Snively," Dr. Robotnik asked after a moment's thinking, "do
you have any idea what this demented animal is talking about?"
     "No idea at all, Sir."
     "Never mind.  What matters is that I have a chance to finish
what I started a long time ago.  And to find out the location of
Knothole in the process."
     "Look, Doc, you gotta help me.  Ah...."
     "I'LL do the talking, vermin!  Where's Knothole?"
     "Ah ain't never heard of no place called Knothole!"
     "Then where are Sonic and the rest of the freedom fighters?"
     "You know as well as Ah do: Sonic's headquarters is over
across town in the old arcade!"
     "Shall I send some SWATbot patrols to investigate, Dr.
Robotnik?"
     "Don't bother, Snively; it's obvious that the strain of
being a freedom fighter has unhinged this creature's mind.  She's
be more cooperative once she's been completely roboticized."
     "Hey, you never said nothin' about that!" Bunnie protested.
     But if Dr. Robotnik heard that last remark he pretended not
to.  He turned and made his way down the corridor.  As the
massive door at the end swung open, he addressed the four
SWATbots visible on the other side.  
     "Two of you guard this door.  The other two station
yourselves by the prisoner's cell.  If you need to contact me
I'll be warming up the roboticizer."



     Bunnie awoke with a splitting headache.  The pain was all
she could sense at first.  Feeling the back of her head, she felt
what was probably going to develop into a serious bump.  She
opened her eyes and looked around.  She couldn't see much; she
could tell she'd been dumped into a small closet heaped with
cardboard containers.  The only light came from a crack between
the floor and the door.
     Then she remembered how she'd gotten there.  Sally had left
her alone in the room with Sonic, just as he said something about
hoping she had an appetite for the hottest chili dog on
Mobius.  Something about Sonic's tone of voice, plus the fact
that she didn't see or smell anything remotely resembling chili
dogs in the room, put her on her guard.  And then Sonic did
something Sonic had never done before: he grabbed Bunnie by the
base of the ears with one hand and pressed his lips against hers
in what could only be called a vile parody of a kiss.  She then
realized that he was grabbing at her clothes with his other hand.
     That did it.  Bunnie may not have known where she was or
why, but she remembered enough of the old Southern Mobian ways to
know that this was no way to treat a lady!  She responded by
slapping Sonic's face.  Sonic was surprised, but only for a
moment; he grabbed her tighter, as if the rebuff had only served
to increase his ardor.  Bunnie then punched Sonic in the stomach
with her left hand.  For a few seconds he stood doubled over,
more in shock than in pain.  Then he let out a howl of rage and
lunged at her.  This COULDN'T be Sonic, she kept telling herself;
he's never raised a hand against her or any other living
creature!  As fast as Sonic was, Bunnie still managed to put up a
good defense by making sure there was at least one piece of
furniture between the two of them.  Until she felt something
strike her in the back of the head.  Now she was waking up inside
a closet.
     Sonic's gang.  She remembered Sally telling her once about
their previous encounter with a gang of toughs from another
world, a parallel Mobius where Sonic and his friends were outlaws
and delinquents.  Somehow she must have been thrown out of her
own world and wound up in their's. 
     As her head cleared, Bunnie could still taste Sonic on her
lips.  She wondered if she'd ever rid herself of the taste of
him.  Then she thought she could hear voices through the flimsy
wall of the closet.  The voices belonged to Sonic and Sally.  She
strained to listen.
     "She is out of here!  She's history!!  She's toast!!"  It
was Sonic, and he was so mad he was raving.  Bunnie didn't have
to guess as to what--or whom--he was raving about.
     "She'd also be long gone," Bunnie heard Sally say, "if I
hadn't come in when the furniture started flying.  I TOLD you she
didn't belong in our group."
     "That ungrateful little...."
     Sonic was cut off in mid-rant by the sound of some kind of
communication device.  For the next couple of minutes, Bunnie
only heard one side of a conversation, mostly "Uh-huh"s spoken
between long pauses.  It was during one of these pauses that she
heard a soft tapping against the locked closet door.
     "Bunnie?" she heard a voice whisper.
     "Who is it?" Bunnie asked warily.
     "You've got to get out of here!  Now listen: I'm going to
cut the power in this building.  That'll unlock this door and
disable the alarm system."     
     "Wait a sec!  Who are you?"
     "Never mind.  I'll program the system so that the power will
cut out for ten seconds.  When it does, head down the hall to
your right and go through the door at the end.  It'll take you
out of the building. After that you're on your own.  Head for the
clinic on Terrace Street -- you'll be safe there."
     "Hold on!  Ah don't know who to thank."
     There was a tense silence.
     "What's your name?" Bunnie whispered.
     There were several seconds of silence before the answer
came: "Nicole."  Then Bunnie heard the footsteps going back down
the hall.
     Bunnie didn't know any more than she did before, but she
appeared to have at least one friend.  She went back to listening
in on Sonic's conversation.  It must have just ended.
     "The fix is in, Sal.  The plan goes down day after tomorrow;
the Boss just confirmed it."
     The Boss?
     "This is gonna be great!" Sonic exulted.  "King Acorn will
never know what hit him!"
     Bunnie could feel the color drain from her face.  She'd
heard that Sonic's gang was a bunch of tough punks; she never
pictured them as anarchists.  Were they really plotting to do
something to the King?
     "We're doing him a favor."  If Bunnie could detect any
emotion in Sally's voice, it was contempt.
     "We should've forced him into  early retirement' a long time
ago."    
     "We didn't have the tools until just now and you know it,
Sonic.  Even if we did, I would've been stuck being Queen if we'd
have done it your way."
     "You got a problem with being Queen?"
     "I just don't think 'Constitutional Monarch' looks good on
my resume.  Let someone else be a figurehead ruler if they want
the job; I'm not interested."
     "I still think we should just bump off the old man and get
it over with."
     Even before Sonic could finish his sentence, Bunnie heard
what sounded to her like Sally backhanding Sonic across the face,
then grabbing him by the lapels of his jacket.  "I told you I'M
doing the thinking around here!  Now we either play this MY way
or I pull the plug right now!"
     "Whoa, baby, you know how that turns me on!"  
     The next few seconds of sounds were indistinct.  Bunnie
thought she could single out the rustle of leather and the sound
of two people breathing heavily but everything else seemed
unclear. 
     Then the sliver of light coming in through the bottom of the
door disappeared.  At the same time Bunnie could hear the
electronic lock on the door come undone.  She could also hear
Sonic start up a new round of cursing.
     She tried the handle on the door.  It opened with ease.  She
stepped out into the darkened hallway, unable to see anything. 
Knowing she only had a few seconds left she groped to her right
until she felt something.  It could be a railing.  Or it could be
the crash bar on a door.  She pushed.
     She found herself falling forward into an alleyway, one only
slightly cleaner than any given spot in Robotropolis.  Nicole had
been as good as her word; Bunnie was out.  
     Bunnie sprang to her feet as the door shut behind her.  She
looked up and down the alley.  Nothing seemed familiar.  But she
chose to follow the alley as it disappeared to her left into the
night.
     She'd not gone three steps when a red light came on,
illuminating the door she had just come through.  That meant that
the power was back on inside.  It also meant that her escape
might be discovered at any moment.  She didn't know where she was
going to, but Bunnie started to run.



     The storm was over by the time Sonic and Sally reached the
rendezvous point in the garbage dump.  They each took a wary look
around before shaking themselves dry.
     "Now what, Sal?" Sonic asked.
     "Now we need to link up with Uncle Chuck."
     Sonic led Sally at a wary pace down the streets of
Robotropolis.  The city was damp, yet seemed no cleaner for
having been rained on.  It was still dirty, almost defiantly so.
     The two stopped near a small mountain of trash that choked
an alley between two buildings.  Warily looking for patrolling
SWATbots, Sonic rapped on the pile.  After a second a
portion of it began to lift, and Sonic and Sally made their way
through the emerging doorway.  As soon as they were inside, the
doorway closed up again, leaving no trace.
     "Big emergency, Uncle Chuck!" Sonic said once they were
inside.  "It's about Bunnie."
     Uncle Chuck looked puzzled.  "You already know?  I was just
about to send you a message telling you that she'd surrendered to
a group of SWATbots only a few minutes ago!"
     "I can't explain it fully, Uncle Chuck," Sally said, "but
that's NOT Bunnie.  I have reason to believe that that's another
Bunnie from another dimension.  And OUR Bunnie is now in that
other dimension herself."
     "Slow down, Princess!  Let me tap into Robotnik's security
system."
     Uncle Chuck crossed over to a control panel.  He worked the
controls until an image came up on a nearby screen: it was
Bunnie, sitting in a detention cell. 
     "There she is, Princess.  Robotnik's headquarters, Detention
block, Level 4.  Sure looks like Bunnie to me."
     "Believe me, Uncle Chuck, it isn't."
     "Well, Robotnik seems to think that it is.  He's pulled half
the SWATbots from their sectors to guard his headquarters.  If
you ever wanted to pull off a surprise attack on one of
Robotnik's other facilities, Sally, now would be a good time for
it."
     "Maybe I'll just do some shopping instead."
     "Sal, what're you talking about?"
     "Sonic, if there aren't many SWATbots at Robotnik's
warehouse, I can get in there and scrounge the parts Rotor needs
to get the Projector back online."
     "But what about Bunnie?" Uncle Chuck asked.
     "That's where the hero makes his entrance," Sonic said
dramatically.  Sally understood, but rolled her eyes up anyway.
     "Sonie, it's too big of a risk!"
     "Chill, Uncle Chuck.  Those bucketheads'll never even see
me."
     "Sonic, we have to move.  She could be roboticized at any
time!  Thanks for the intelligence, Uncle Chuck"
     "No problem, Sally.  I'll continue to monitor things from
here.  If anything happens, I'll warn the others back in
Knothole."
     "Don't sweat it, Unc!  I'm...."
     "You're out of here!" Sally said in an exasperated tone. 
She grabbed Sonic by the hand as they headed back for the door.
     The two of them silently made their way through the shadows
of Robotropolis.  Uncle Chuck was right: there were fewer
SWATbots on the street that night.  The two continued on
until they were in sight of the warehouse.
     "OK, Sonic," Sally whispered, "this is where we split up. 
You know where we're supposed to meet up?"
     "Yeah, the usual spot."
     "Now remember, fewer SWATbots on the street means that many
more SWATbots at Robotnik's.  Be especially careful."
     "Aren't I always?"
     "One more thing: this ISN'T Bunnie we're dealing with. 
She's not going to trust you automatically; you may have to EARN
her trust.  And if she WON'T trust you...."
     "I know, I know, leave her there and juice.  Hope you got a
Plan B just in case."
     "If not I'll make one up as we go.  Good luck, Sonic."
     "Good luck, Sal."
     The two parted company, Sally making her way toward the dark
and imposing warehouse.  Sonic watched until she was lost from
sight, then slipped back into the shadows himself, on his
way to Robotnik's headquarters.
     Sonic slid to a stop near Robotnik's headquarters.  "Man,
Sally wasn't kidding!" he thought to himself; there were twice
the usual number of SWATbots guarding the main entrance.  Caution
and prudence told him to use the side entrance , which was in
reality an air outlet pipe.  But Sonic wasn't in any mood to
listen.  He stepped out of the shadow, revealing his position
about 100 yards from the front door.
     "Hey, any of you boltbrains interested in taking a second
prisoner?  Special offer, tonight only!"
     "HEDGEHOG!  PRIORITY ONE!  DETAIN BY ORDER OF ROBOTNIK!"
     "Man, I wish they'd learn a new song; this one's getting
old!", he thought to himself.  The SWATbots advanced on him. 
When they were almost upon him and well away from the door, he
called out to them again: "Hurry up, slow-mos!  This offer is
going, going...."
     Immediately Sonic went into a spin and plowed into the
SWATbots, sending them flying in every direction.  Now there was
nothing between him and the door, and he headed straight for
it.  Looking over his shoulder as the SWATbots picked themselves
up off the ground, he called out "Gone!" and disappeared inside
the building.
     Once inside, Sonic ducked behind a pillar as SWATbots
appeared on the run.  He, as well as they, heard Snively's voice
on the intercom: "All SWATbots report to Level 4!  Repeat, all
SWATbots report to Level 4!"
     "All of a sudden," Sonic said to himself, "five just became
my favorite number."
     Taking advantage of a split-second, Sonic dashed to an
elevator across the hallway.  No SWATbots inside; so far so good. 
He took the elevator to Level 5, now almost completely
empty.  
     Sonic knew from past experience where the Detention block
would be.  He ran to the spot where he guessed Bunnie's cell was. 
Spinning on his heels, he soon cracked through the flooring
and dropped down to the next level.
     Coming to a stop between two SWATbots outside of Bunnie's
cell.
     "Gotta work on my sense of direction."
     Even before the SWATbots could size up the new arrival,
Sonic once more sent into spin, ricochetting off them.  The
SWATbots flew apart on impact.  Soon he and Bunnie were the only
ones in the block.
     "You ready to blow this pop stand?" Sonic asked.
     Instead of agreeing, Bunnie appeared to be terrified of
Sonic.  She cringed on the cot in her cell.  "Ah ain't goin'
NOWHERE with you!  Get outta here!  Leave me alone!"
     "Man, Sal was right!", Sonic thought.  But there wasn't any
time for debate.
     Sonic turned his attention to the cell.  He took less than a
second to size up the cell door.  Going into spin mode once more,
he hurled himself at it.  A few moments later the locking
mechanism broke apart and went flying in every direction.  Sonic
slowed to a standstill, holding the side of his head.  "Man, I
HATE it when I have to do that!"
     Bunnie was still cowering in the cell, still apprehensive. 
"Now what?" she asked.
     "Now it's your call: either you stay in that cell and let
yourself get roboticized by old Buttnik, or else you gotta trust
me to get you outta here."  With that, Sonic crossed his arms and
began tapping one foot on the floor.
     Bunnie sat thinking for a few seconds, then stood up, walked
across the floor of the cell and opened the door.  "Ah hope Ah
don't hate mahself in the mornin'."
     Sonic told Bunnie to wrap her arms around his neck and hold
on tight.  With a slight show of hesitancy, she did so.  Just as
she was about to ask what was going to happen next, Sonic took
off.
     Bunnie had to tighten her grip as everything around her
became a blur.  For the next minute the world turned into some
kind of thrill ride as Sonic climbed up and slid down pipes,
banked off walls and skittered down straightaways.  As lost as
Bunnie had felt when she first set eyes on Robotropolis, she was
even more lost now.  Yet all she could do was hang on.
     As suddenly as the ride had started, it was over.  Sonic
came to a stop in some sort of dump surrounded by mountains of
refuse.  Sally was waiting, her backpack filled with electronic
components.
     "Great job, Sonic!"
     "Naturally.  How'd you do, Sal?"
     "I got all of the parts we need."
     "All right!  You can let go now, Bunnie."
     Bunnie didn't let go of Sonic's neck.  She made no reply at
all.  Sally pried Bunnie's fingers apart, and Bunnie promptly
slumped to the ground unconscious.





     When she reached the head of the alley, Bunnie looked up and
down the street.  It was empty but well-lit.  Not much cover. 
     She looked down at her feet.  There was a large cardboard
box with what appeared to be a length of cloth inside.  She
pulled out the cloth; it was heavy and coarse and smelled musty,
but it was also big enough.  Bunnie wrapped it around her like a
cloak.  It wasn't much of a disguise
but it would do until something better came along.
     She stepped out of the alley as a gentle sprinkle of rain
began.  She wanted to take the cloth off her face, to feel the
rain, but she was afraid she might be identified.  She had no
idea how conspicuous her present appearance looked, but she knew
that if Sonic was looking for her she'd be easily recognizable if
she weren't in disguise.
     She plodded on, past darkened shops and storefronts.  In the
distance, rising above the skyline, was a vivid memory of her
early childhood: the silhouette of the Castle.  But Bunnie had no
time to recall anything pleasant about the memory, for she
suddenly remembered Sonic's offhand remarks having to do with the
King.  What kind of danger was he in at the hands of Sonic
and the others?  Bunnie knew she had sampled only a small portion
of their cruelty.  She had to get to the clinic, she told
herself, to rest and think of her next move.
     Bunnie kept on walking.  The only beings to pass her on the
street were two badgers on the opposite sidewalk, oblivious to
the rain, moving with the slow pace and physical proximity that
told the world that these two were young and in love.  Bunnie
couldn't help but smile. Perhaps she had only seen the worst this
world had to offer in Sonic and his gang; maybe it wasn't so bad
after all. 
     Suddenly Bunnie froze in her tracks.  An all-too-familiar
figure stepped around the corner not ten feet in front of her: a
SWATbot.  It stood at the corner and its head began rotating, as
if making a visual inspection of the intersection.  Bunnie didn't
know whether to charge it or make a break.  Too late: the SWATbot
had seen her.
     "GOOD EVENING, CITIZEN.  CAN I BE OF ASSISTANCE?"
     "Uh...Ah was lookin' for the Terrace Street clinic," she
said in a creaky voice like that of someone portraying an old
woman in a school play.  Bunnie immediately cursed her naivete;
no way would that fool the SWATbot!
     "THE CLINIC IS TWO BLOCKS AHEAD, THEN TURN RIGHT.  DO YOU
WISH ME TO ESCORT YOU?"
     "No, Ah'm fine, thanks."
     "VERY WELL.  HAVE A GOOD EVENING."
     The SWATbot then turned his attention back to scanning the
street.  Bunnie shuffled on, unable to believe her good fortune.  
     She was only a block away from the clinic when the pain in
her head began to reassert itself.  Then she realized that she
hadn't eaten since breakfast of...was it today or yesterday?  One
thing was certain, she knew she hadn't eaten in a good while. 
She felt herself reeling from hunger and fatigue and pain.  Still
she pressed on.
     Turning the corner, she saw it: a clean, white building. 
That HAD to be the clinic.  She knocked on the closed door.
     "Yes?"  Bunnie thought she could place the voice from
somewhere but didn't know where.  It was a deep and not
unpleasant voice.
     "Is this the Terrace Street clinic?"
     "Yes, but it's late and I was just closing up.  Is this an
emergency?"
     "Please, Ah need help."
     Bunnie was too weak to look up as she heard the door being
unbolted.  "Sorry about the inconvenience of it all.  We've had
to take these precautions to prevent break-ins by Sonic and
his...."
     Bunnie heard the door open, then heard the speaker's voice
trail off.  With what felt like her last ounce of strength, she
looked up.
     And now Bunnie felt as if she had stumbled into the heart of
a sick joke.  There was no mistaking the broad silhouette, the
bald head, the flaring moustache.  She'd been given directions
to Dr. Robotnik!  Bunnie fainted dead away.


     
     "No!"
     Bunnie was calling out in her sleep.  She started flailing
her arms, as if fighting off an attacker.  Sally backed away from
the bed.
     Then Bunnie awoke with a start.  She wasn't lying on a cot
in a cell any more.  It was a bed, soft and comfortable despite
having recently been soaked with sweat.  Bunnie waited for her
breathing to return to normal before she spoke.
     "Where the hoo-ha am Ah?"
     "Someplace safe.  How do you feel?"
     "Like Ah did when Ah hit the wall."
     "I don't know anything about a wall.  All I know is you were
shaking like a leaf even while you were asleep."
     "Yeah.  Guess I hadn't finished gettin' mahself straight."
     "What?"
     "Three days ago Ah stopped using.  Went cold turkey!" 
Bunnie sounded defiant as she said it.  "And Ah'll tell it to
Sonic mahself, just before Ah spit in his eye!"
     "You'd better rest some more.  Escaping from Robotnik can be
pretty stressful."
     Bunnie looked at Sally closely.  "You ain't Sally,
ain'tcha?"
     "My NAME is Sally, but you're probably thinking of another
Sally."
     "What're you talkin' about?"
     "The Sally back on your home world."
     "Look, knock off the double..hold on.  The gang told me
somethin' about visitin' another Mobius while Ah was gettin' over
mah accident.  Is THAT where Ah am?"
     "Yes.  It appears that there was some kind of freak
lightning strike that activated our Timespace Matter Projector. 
We think it sent OUR Bunnie into YOUR world and sent you here."
     Bunnie lay back on the bed, her eyes wide and her expression
one of shock.  Finally she looked at Sally.  "You mean, Sonic
cain't get me here?"
     "Not the Sonic you know.  You're safe here with us."
     "Well, if that don't beat all!" she said half-aloud.
     "Where were you when the transference happened?"
     "Ah was in the garage, and...and never you mind what Ah was
doin'!" she flared again.  She settled back in the bed.  "So when
are you fixin' to send me back?"
     "Not before tomorrow; the projector was shorted out by the
lightning and they're putting it back together now."
     "So what the hoo-ha you gonna do with me until then?" she
asked haughtily.
     Sally didn't say anything.  Instead she walked over to the
bed and seized Bunnie by her earring.  Bunnie cried out as Sally
virtually dragged her to her feet.
     "Come on!"  Sally was in no mood for nonsense.  She pulled
Bunnie toward the door of the hut.
     "Where are we goin'?"
     "You left in such a hurry, you forgot to take a look at your
handiwork."
     The two stepped out into what Bunnie at first took to be a
deserted village at early evening.  The she saw lights coming on
in the huts and heard the voices that were signs of life.   There
was a charm about it that Bunnie refused to admit to herself.
     Sally and Bunnie walked to Tails' hut.  Inside a single
candle burned on a nightstand near the cub's bed.  Sonic was
seated on a nearby stool intently watching Tails, his hands
clasped in front of him.  He took no notice of the two as they
entered.
     Sally didn't turn Bunnie loose until they were both inside. 
Bunnie looked closely at the sleeping Tails, his head generously
wrapped in bandages.  Sally, meanwhile, watched Bunnie's
expression closely as it softened.  "He ain't nothin' but a kid!"
Bunnie finally whispered.
     "But you have a Tails in your own world, don't you?"
     "Uh-huh.  But he acts like...Ah mean...he's just a KID!" she
repeated.  "What'd Ah do...Ah mean, what's wrong with him?"
     "I talked with someone here named Bookshire; he's kind of
like our doctor.  He told me Tails has a subdural hematoma with
resulting ecchymosis."
     "Is that bad?"
     "It's no walk through the meadow."
     Sonic was alarmed by what Sally had said.  He rose and
started toward the bed but Sally caught him by the upper arm.
     "Forget it, Sonic.  There's nothing you can do."  Then, to
Sonic's astonishment, Sally looked over her shoulder at Bunnie,
whose attention was still fixed on Tails.  Looking back at Sonic,
Sally quickly closed and opened her right eye.
     "What's gonna happen to him?" Bunnie asked.
     "We'll know better in the morning.  We should just let him
rest for now."
     "Listen, can Ah...Ah mean, if it's all right with y'all,
Ah'd like to help...."
     "Well..." Sally said, drawing out the word, "you can help by
staying here and keeping an eye on him.  Let us know if there's
any change in his condition."
     "No problem, uh...."
     "You can call me Sally."
     "Ah shoulda guessed.  Thanks."
     "Come on, Sonic."  Sally and Sonic left the hut.  They had
gone about 30 yards when Sonic spoke.
     "What's the big idea, Sal?  She's the one who conked Tails
in the first place!"
     "Exactly.  Remember what happened the last time Sonic
brought his gang here across the space-time continuum?"
     "Yeah.  I remember we caught heat for the way they acted,
pretending they were us."
     "But their vandalism and bullying was all hit-and-run; they
never stayed around long enough to get a good look at the damage
they caused or how it affected other Mobians.  I took a chance
that if Bunnie saw what had happened to Tails she might not act
so tough about it.  Looks like I was right."
     "But what DID happen to Tails?  You said he had a submerged
hippopotamus or something!"
     "What I said, Sonic, was that Tails has a bump on the head
and it's going to leave a bruise."  She smiled broadly.
     "No way!"
     "Way.  He should be fine by morning.  And so should
Bunnie--at least, THIS Bunnie."
     "Yeah, but I'd like to know what's happening with OUR
Bunnie!"



     This time Bunnie woke up in a brightly-decorated room filled
with sunlight, to find that she had been tucked into a warm bed. 
There was a small vase with a few flowers in it on the nearby
table.  Was this a dream?  Was it a trap?  She looked at her
arms.  Her wrists were unrestrained, though she appeared to have
an intravenous line going into her right arm.
     "What the hoo-ha's this for?" she said half-aloud as she
reached for the line.
     "I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO LEAVE THAT LINE ALONE," came a voice
over a speaker mounted in the ceiling.  "YOU'RE BEING TREATED FOR
DEHYDRATION."
     The old, sick feeling came back over Bunnie.  She recognized
the voice instantly.
     "Snively!" she called out.
     "YOU DON'T HAVE TO SHOUT, YOU KNOW.  I CAN HEAR YOU
PERFECTLY."
     Bunnie threw the covers off of her.  She didn't want to have
anything to do with Robotnik, and Robotnik was definitely behind
this if Snively was anywhere nearby.
     Immediately a blue light came on above her, accompanied by a
low hum.  Bunnie felt herself pinned against the bed, as if by an
invisible someone with superhuman strength.  She couldn't move
her robotic limbs, not even an inch.
     "I WOULD ADVISE YOU NOT TO STRUGGLE WHILE THE FORCE FIELD IS
IN PLACE.  DOCTOR ROBOTNIK SHOULD BE FINISHED WITH ROUNDS ABOUT
NOW AND WILL BE HERE ANY MOMENT."
     "That's why Ah'm tryin' to get mah tail out of here!" Bunnie
thought to herself.  It was no use; she couldn't move.
     A minute later, someone entered the room.  Bunnie had to do
a double-take.  He LOOKED like Dr. Robotnik -- he was built like
him, he was bald, he even had the moustache.  But there was
something about his manner that was all wrong.  For one thing,
his voice was different.  It was close to that of the Robotnik
she knew, but it lacked a certain harshness.  Then there was his
manner.  He was carrying a clipboard with someone's medical
records in one hand, some blueprints in the other, and the
pockets of his white laboratory coat were jammed to overflowing
with slips of paper.
     "I really can't understand what you've done to yourself, my
dear," he said to Bunnie as he looked from chart to chart
absentmindedly, as if to remind himself of what he had just
looked at.  "Your mechanical limbs are in good condition, and yet
there are subtle differences in the architecture that I simply
can't account for."
     "Doc...."
     "I mean, I know that you may have undergone some
modifications you haven't told me about...."
     "Doc...!"
     "But that doesn't explain the divergence between...."
     "IF I MIGHT SUGGEST, DOCTOR ROBOTNIK?"
     "Oh, what is it, Snively?" he said to the speaker in the
ceiling.
     "YOU MIGHT START BY ASKING THE PATIENT."
     "Oh, yes, of course."  He reached over the bed and casually
shut off the blue light.  "Can barely hear myself think with that
going...."
     Bunnie sat up, free of the force field.  She looked at Dr.
Robotnik.  "What'd you just do?"
     "I turned off the force field for this bed.  Hardly ever use
it; so few patents need that kind of restraint.  Snively, why did
I turn it on, anyway?"
     "YOU DIDN'T SIR.  I DID."
     "I didn't?  Are you sure, Snively?"
     "QUITE SURE, SIR."
     Now Bunnie KNEW that she wasn't dealing with the Dr.
Robotnik who had partially roboticized her and who was
systematically conquering and destroying Mobius.  She told
herself: "This ol' boy couldn't find his behind with both hands
in a room full of mirrors!"
     "Excuse me, Miss...Bunnie," he said after yet another glance
at the charts, "but can you explain why you're here?"
     "Ah was hopin' YOU could do that.  Last thing Ah remember,
Ah was escapin' from Sonic, and Ah cain't even remember how Ah
got there."
     "Oh, dear.  This is all rather confusing.  Can you help me
out, Snively?"
     "Hold on!  Where the hoo-ha's Snively?"
     "RIGHT HERE."
     "But Ah don't see no one exceptin' Dr. Robotnik."
     "NEVERTHELESS, I AM HERE."
     "Let me explain, my dear.  Snively is the computer that runs
this complex.  And runs it very efficiently, I might add."
     "THANK YOU, DOCTOR ROBOTNIK."
     "But I thought you knew that from the last time you were
here."
     "IF I MAY, DOCTOR ROBOTNIK.  I BELIEVE SHE'S NOT FROM HERE."
     "Well, yes, her accent is rather...."
     "WHAT I MEAN, SIR, IS THAT THE PATIENT IS FROM ANOTHER
DIMENSION."
     "Another dimension?  Is this true, young lady?"
     "Ah don't know.  One moment Ah was on Mobius, the next, Ah'm
here!"
     "SIR, DO YOU REMEMBER THE OCCASION WHEN YOU HAD TO DEAL WITH
TWO SONIC HEDGEHOGS?"
     "Yes, but I don't see...Just a moment, Snively.  I DO
remember!  I made note of it."  He began fishing through his
pockets; in a moment, pieces of paper were raining down on the
floor.  "I know I put those notes somewhere.  Must be in my
office.  I'll just pop down and...."
     "DOCTOR!" Bunnie and Snively said in unison.
     "Oh, yes, that's right, YOU can tell me about it, can't you
my dear?"
     "Ah wish Ah could, but..."
     "Well, no wonder," he said as he glanced at the chart once
more.  "You came in here rather badly dehydrated and with signs
that you'd received quite a nasty blow to the head.  Snively,
have the latest lab reports...."
     "THEY'RE WAITING AT THE PRINTER, SIR."
     "Well, I'll just pop down the hall and get them, then. 
Won't be a moment."  With that, he left the room.
     "Is he for real?" Bunnie found herself asking Snively,
wherever he was.
     "QUITE REAL, AND A GENIUS IN HIS FIELD.  AND ONE OF THE FEW
REMAINING MEN OF MEDICINE LEFT ON MOBIUS.  I'M AFRAID THAT HE CAN
BE A LITTLE ABSENT-MINDED ON OCCASION.  THAT'S WHY HE'S DELEGATED
ME TO OVERSEE THE DAY-TO-DAY OPERATIONS HERE."
     Dr. Robotnik re-entered the room, a print-out in his hand.
     "Well, my dear, it seems as if you've responded to treatment
very well.  There's no reason you can't go home this afternoon."
     "Exceptin' that Ah cain't GET home, remember?"
     "Oh.  Yes.  That DOES make it awkward."
     "IF SHE'S WELL ENOUGH TO WALK, MIGHT I SUGGEST YOU ESCORT
THE PATIENT ON A TOUR OF THE CLINIC."
     "Excellent idea, Snively!"
     Dr. Robotnik started to disconnect the IV line from Bunnie's
arm.  There was something about Robotnik's touch -- it's
professionalism, its gentleness -- that had a calming effect on
Bunnie.  Whatever else was going on in this Mobius, Nicole had
steered her right: she knew she'd be safe here.  As he was
finishing up, Bunnie couldn't help but notice that Dr. Robotnik's
left arm was as mechanical as her own.
     "Can Ah ask what happened to your arm?"
     "What?  Oh, you mean THIS!  I guess I never discussed it
with you the first time."
     "This IS mah first time!  You're thinkin' of another Bunnie,
Ah think."
     "Quite right; I keep forgetting.  I was a specialist in
biomechanics at first.  This," he said as he pointed to his arm,
"was my first effort.  Something of an accident, really.  Made a
number of improvements in the basic design since then.  Promising
enough, but I had to abandon my research in the field."
     "How come?"
     "I found that the process was useful for restoration of
limbs and that sort of thing.  The problem was that, left
unchecked, the process could continue until the entire body was
roboticized.  That might have been considered a boon, something
along the lines of a next step in evolution, except that a fully
roboticized creature loses its will and its power of choice. 
That was simply too high a price to ask of any being.  So I
abandoned the idea of further developing the process and took up
more traditional medical practices.  If you ever do get home, be
sure to warn them about this free will business, won't you?"
     "Uh, sure, Doc."
     Having bandaged Bunnie's arm, Dr. Robotnik walked her out
into the hall.  She seemed to be in the ward of some kind of
hospital, where the patients that she saw were animals such as
herself.  She saw a horse undergoing physical therapy for one
leg, a dog with its arm in traction, and a fox nursing her
newborn cub.
     "This is a full service clinic.  We can perform a number of
services here, such as...oh, dear, Snively, help me out, please."
     "YES, SIR.  THIS CLINIC SERVES AS AN IN-PATIENT HOSPITAL, AN
OUT-PATIENT CLINIC AND A RESEARCH FACILITY.  THE FIRST FLOOR IS
RESERVED FOR RESEARCH; DR. ROBOTNIK'S LABORATORY AND OFFICE ARE
LOCATED THERE.  THE SECOND FLOOR CONTAINS THE OPERATING THEATER
AND EMERGENCY MEDICAL FACILITIES.  OUT-PATIENT SERVICES ARE ON
THE THIRD FLOOR, IN-PATIENT CARE IS ON THE FOURTH, AND STORAGE IS
IN THE BASEMENT.  I RESIDE ON THE SIXTH FLOOR."
     "What about the fifth floor?"
     "ACCESS TO THAT FLOOR IS RESTRICTED."
     "You sure do look busy!"
     "It keeps me busy enough.  But it's also been somewhat
lonely practicing here.  So few humanoids left.  So few...."  His
expression softened; he became wistful, almost sad.  As if he'd
just remembered something tragic. Bunnie surprised herself by
starting to feel sorry for him.
     "But anyway," he said, his mood swinging upward without any
warning, "you appear to be on the mend, so...."
     "Doc, it's like Ah told you, Ah got nowhere to go!"
     "Oh, yes.  Well, you'll at least stay for lunch, then."
     "Don't mind if Ah...."
     "DR. ROBOTNIK!"  SNIVELY PIPED IN.  "THERE'S AN ELDERLY
FEMALE BADGER AT THE EMERGENCY DESK."
     "Really?  What are her symptoms?"
     "SHE REPORTS PAIN IN THE UPPER RIGHT QUADRANT, SIR.  IT MAY
BE A GALL BLADDER ATTACK."
     "I'm sorry, my dear.  Snively will see to your lunch and
I'll join you as soon as I can."
     With that, Dr. Robotnik left Bunnie in the lobby.  She
looked around her, unsure of where to go.
     "DO YOU NEED DIRECTIONS TO GET TO THE LUNCH ROOM?  PERHAPS I
CAN TRANSPORT YOU THERE BY WHEELCHAIR."
     "Really, Snively, there's no reason for you to keep on
treatin' me like a queen or...oh mah stars!"
     "IS SOMETHING THE MATTER?"
     "Ah just remembered: Ah heard Sonic sayin' somethin' about a
plot against the King!  Ah got to warn him!"
     Immediately, Bunnie ran out of the room.  A half-hour later,
the emergency attended to, Robotnik reappeared.  He glanced
around the room.  "Snively, where's Bunnie?"
     "I BELIEVE SHE'S GONE TO THE PALACE, SIR.  SHE SAID
SOMETHING ABOUT SONIC PLOTTING AGAINST THE KING AND SHE WANTED TO
WARN HIS MAJESTY."
     "Oh dear.  This could become very complicated."
     "YES, SIR, ESPECIALLY SINCE SHE LEFT IN SUCH HASTE THAT I
HAD NO TIME TO WARN HER ABOUT THE VOID."



     It was just past midnight when Sally left Rotor's hut.  She
had helped Rotor sort out the parts she had taken from Robotnik's
warehouse and he was working around the clock to get the
Projector repaired and Bunnie back home.  But it was clear that
Sally was beginning to tire.
     "I can manage OK on my own for a while, Sal.  You'd bettersome rest."
     "You're sure?" she said while unsuccessfully trying to
stifle a yawn.
     "See?  You're bored already."  He grinned, then added:
"We'll get Bunnie back; don't worry."
     "Thanks.  Good night."
     Walking through the sleeping village, she paused as her path
took her near Tails' hut.  She thought she'd better take a look
inside, in the hope that she hadn't misjudged their visitor.
     Bunnie was still there, her head on her right arm which lay
on the bedside table.  Sally quietly walked into the hut.  She'd
not gotten a few steps inside when the sound of her footfall
reached Bunnie; she awoke with a start.
     "Relax, it's me," Sally whispered.  "Is Tails doing any
better?"
     "Uh huh.  He woke up about an hour ago wantin' a drink of
water.  Ah got him a glass.  Ah told him Ah was sorry for what
I'd done.  He don't seem to hold no grudge against me for
clobberin' him."
     "He's a good kid."
     "Yeah, well...."  Bunnie let the thought go unfinished.
     "Bunnie," Sally said as she pulled up a chair, "Can I ask
you something?"
     "Like what?"
     "Well, here on our Mobius Dr. Robotnik uses the roboticizer
to enslave the population.  I get the impression that your Dr.
Robotnik isn't like that."
     "And you wanna know how come Ah got these," Bunnie said as
she brought her robotic left hand down on her robotic left thigh
for emphasis.
     "Something like that."
     "Part of mah initiation into Sonic's gang meant mah havin'
to steal a sky-sled.  Rotor gave me a couple tips on how to
hot-wire one of 'em.  Seemed easy enough.  But when Ah tried to
fly it back to gang headquarters Ah couldn't control it.  Ah must
have jazzed the gyro-stabilizer or somethin'.  Last thing Ah
remember was headin' for a wall.
     "Dr. Robotnik told me that when Ah was brought in for him to
work on, Ah was almost dead.  Mah legs was all busted up an' mah
arm wasn't much better.  Roboticizin' them was the only way he
could stabilize them.
     "Ah asked Dr. Robotnik if he could ever get me back to the
way Ah was.  He said...he said that mah limbs were too far gone
for that, that there'd been too much damage to the bones and
muscles.  So it looks like Ah'm stuck with these for the rest of
mah days."
     "Was it worth it?"
     "Huh?"
     "Was it worth getting yourself so banged up to belong to
Sonic's gang?"
     "Sure!  In the beginning, Ah mean.  It used to be bein' in
the gang was cool.  We'd tag building an' get into fights and do
a little shopliftin' here and there.  With so few people in the
city it didn't seem like no big deal, anyway.  We practically had
the place to ourselves.
     "But then it was like things started slidin' downhill fast. 
Rotor was just as interested in stealin' scooters as he was
spendin' his time workin' on  em.  Sally started talking about
the gang doing something...she never said WHAT exactly but she
made it sound like it was gonna be awful.  And Sonic wanted me
to...Ah COULDN'T do the things he wanted me to do to him when Ah
was straight!  Just thinkin' about it made me sick!"  She stopped
to take a deep breath and to wipe her eyes.  "That's when Ah
started using, and Ah ain't gonna fish outta THAT pond no more!
     "Promise me one thing, Sally.  Promise me you won't make me
go back there.  It ain't about bein' arrested and all; Ah don't
care about that.  Ah just cain't be part of that gang no more!"
     "But we don't know what the long-term effects of your
staying here might be.  You're from a different part of the
space-time...."
     "Please?"
     Sally looked into Bunnie's eyes.  She saw someone
vulnerable, afraid, alone.  She no longer saw a toughened gang
member. She was no longer looking into the eyes of a stranger.
     "I promise."
     Bunnie reached over and placed her hand on Tails' hand. 
"You really promise?"
     Sally placed her hand on top of Bunnie's.  "Really."


     The palace was as beautiful as Bunnie had remembered it: the
green lawns and colorful gardens surrounding it, the clean
whiteness of its stone, the fountains that dotted the gardens and
made their laughing sound.
     But there was nothing funny about why Bunnie was here.  She
had run all the way from the clinic.  It didn't matter that she
was beginning to feel hungry.  She had to tell the King about
Sonic!
     She stepped into the entryway to the palace.  There was
something unusual about it, but Bunnie didn't quite know what it
was.  She didn't have time to wonder, anyway.
     She walked on through imposing double-doors, thrice again as
tall as she, on through empty corridors.
     THAT was what was so unusual, she realized.  Back on Mobius,
HER Mobius, there were guards everywhere.  Theirs was a
ceremonial role, however, so she'd never been afraid of them. 
Yet now as she walked the deserted hallways, she was more afraid
of the fact that nobody was there.
     She entered the next room.  Finally!  Someone else.  A
large, circular desk stood in the center of the room.  Inside the
circle, seated at a small table with a computer terminal on it,
was a solitary sloth.  He was hunched over the terminal, intently
typing something.  Yet he was not a natural typist and his pace
was excruciatingly slow.  Bunnie walked up to him.
     "Excuse me?"
     He typed on as if he hadn't heard.
     "EXCUSE me!"
     The sloth made three more keystrokes, then as if awakening
from a trance turned to face Bunnie.  "May I help you?"
     "You sure can.  Ah heard someone plottin' somethin' against
the King!  It's supposed to happen tomorrow, and I wanted to
warn..."
     "Tomorrow?  I'm sorry, tomorrow is a scheduled holiday for
government personnel.  If you come here the day after, at
around...."
     "The day after's gonna be too late!  You gotta tell the King
now!"
     "I'm sorry, but I'm three months behind in my paperwork as
it is."
     "Ah don't give a bunny's behind about yore behind! 
SOMEBODY's gotta tell...."
     "Well, if you wish to...."
     "Swell, if you don't want to do it, Ah sure can!"
     "Very well then."  He turned back to the screen and started
typing again.
     "What the hoo-ha do you think you're doin'?" Bunnie
demanded.
     "Standard procedure.  I have to fill out a Form 7660 in
these cases.  Your name, please."
     "Bunnie.  Bunnie Rabbot."
     "That's your full name?"
     "Yes."
     "And your middle name is the same as your first name?"
     "Huh!?  What're you talkin' about?"
     "You said your name was  Bunnie Bunnie Rabbot'."
     "That's not mah middle name!  It's...look, just tell me how
to get to where Ah'm supposed to go."
     "One moment, please," he said as he resumed typing.  After
an excruciating minute: "Your name is not in the municipal
database.  Are you a resident of Mobotropolis?"
     "Ah'm...from out of town.  Now cain't you hurry?"
     "One moment please, I'll have to append a Form 7/90 to the
From 7660."
     Bunnie began pacing around the desk.  She had started her
fourth revolution when the sloth handed her a plastic key card.
     "Present this card to the first PatrolBot you see.  He will
direct you to your destination."
     "Thanks!"  She       ed the card from the sloth's hand and
dashed down the hallway.  She'd not gone fifty feet when she
spied what the sloth had called a "PatrolBot" but which she
knew as a SWATbot.
     "Easy, Bunnie," she told herself, "these ain't like the
SWATbots back home.  You don't have to be afraid."  She walked up
to the bot.
     "CAN I BE OF ASSISTANCE, CITIZEN?"
     "Uh huh.  Ah'm supposed to give you this here card."
     The PatrolBot took the card from her and swept its metallic
oxide surface across the back of one of its hands.
     "YOU SEEK WING 2, BLOCK 8, FLOOR 3, RM 101."
     "Uh...so how do Ah get there?"
     "FOLLOW THE SIGNS."
     Bunnie looked at the signage.  It was like trying to read
one of Rotor's schematics.
     "Ah'm afraid Ah cain't."
     "THEN I WILL ESCORT YOU.  FOLLOW ME, PLEASE."
     Bunnie began following the PatrolBot.  They walked down the
hallway to an elevator, which they took to another hallway, which
led them to a staircase which led them to an elevator which led
them to two more hallways....
     Bunnie had never been so lost in her life.  After ten
minutes of walking in twists and turns she had no idea where she
was.  She could only hope that the PatrolBot was leading her in
the right direction.
     But that wasn't as disconcerting as the voices.  They were
exhausted, plaintive, and they drifted to her from down hallways
and across vestibules.  It was a regular chorus of the damned:
"You've made me fill out five forms and NONE of them are
right?..." "But if I'm early why do I have to reschedule for
TOMORROW?..."  "It's a simple picnic permit for my son's
birthday; it'll be OVER by the time I...."
     Suddenly the PatrolBot stopped in front of a set of doors. 
"HERE IS YOUR DESTINATION," he said as he handed the access card
back to Bunnie.  "HAVE A NICE DAY."  Then he walked back the way
he came.
     "Good thing Ah don't have mah old legs back or they'd be
killin' me!" Bunnie thought as she used the access card to open
the door.
     Bunnie found herself in a small, bare room with a single
desk and two chairs.  On top of the desk was another computer
terminal and seated at the desk was another sloth.  "May I help
you?" he asked.
     "Ah hope so.  Ah overheard Sonic Hedgehog plotting something
against the King!"
     "I see, and when is this supposed to take place?"
     "He said tomorrow!"
     "Tomorrow?  Sorry, you need at least two weeks.  Weren't you
informed?"
     "Huh?  About what?  Ain't you gonna tell the King?"
     "Sorry, that's not the responsibility of this department."
     "Well, what department IS this?"
     "Royal Public Affairs and Scheduling.  Did you bring three
copies of the press release?"
     "Say what!?"
     "I'll take that as a  No'.  I'm sorry, but you'll have to
report back to the main desk for a copy of the correct procedure
for submitting...."
     Bunnie was in no mood to listen.  She stormed out of the
room and into the hallway.
     It took her a half hour of wandering, backtracking and
remembering to find her way back to the first desk.  The sloth
looked up from his typing.
     "I received a message from my colleague that you weren't
prepared with the proper paperwork for submitting..."
     "Look, friend, Ah'm tryin' to be civil but this here is an
emergency!"
     "Just a minute, let me call up your 7660 again."  The sloth
tapped at the keyboard while Bunnie continued to fidget.
     "Very well, then," he said as he eventually handed Bunnie
yet another access card.  "This should take care of your needs. 
Have a nice...."
     "Hold on.  Ah ain't goin' nowhere until you tell me what you
just gave me."
     "It's an access card to Wing 3, Block 11, Floor 5, Rm 608."
     "And what's there?"
     "The Office of Civil Defense and Emergency Planning, Public
Information Officer."
     "Ah don't want that!"
     "You DID say that this was a civil emergency."
     "This AIN'T that kind of emergency!"
     "Here," he said as he turned back toward the screen.  "Let's
try this again.  Are you speaking on someone else's behalf or are
you the patient?"
     "Huh?"
     "Of course, I can see at a glance that you yourself must be
the patient.  Let me call up your medical history data here."
     "What the hoo-ha are you jabberin' about?  I ain't in your
danged computer and Ah don't need no doctor.  In fact, I CAME
here from Dr. Robotnik's!"
     "Well, that DOES simplify matters!"  Once more he began
typing.  "If this is an emergency visit you could have gone
directly to the clinic.  Or do you need transportation?"
     "Look, for the hundredth time, Ah'm tryin' to tell you about
a plot against the King!  His LIFE may be in danger!"
     "Oh, well, that's DIFFERENT!"  The sloth then turned once
more to his computer terminal.  "Name, please."
     "You already GOT mah danged name!!"
     "Oh, yes.   Bunnie,' isn't it?"
     "Yes," she said weakly, exhausted from the effort of dealing
with him.
     "Well, we should have this taken care of in just a few
seconds."
     "It's about time!"
     The matter WAS taken care of in a few seconds: half a dozen
PatrolBots emerged from a side door and approached the
information desk.  They then raised their arms, pointing their
blasters at Bunnie.  One PatrolBot raised its arm and shot off a
length of rope which bound Bunnie's wrists together.
     "Hold on!!  What the....?"
     "Guards, please take this animal away and charge her with
treason and plotting against the King."
     "But Ah'm not part of the plot!!!"
     "That's for our Office of Interrogation and Investigation
Into Questionable Conduct to decide.  Have a nice day," he added
without a trace of irony.  He turned back to his computer.
     Bound at the wrist, Bunnie walked on behind the PatrolBots. 
She had wished that this Mobius felt more like home but this
wasn't what she had in mind.  Anyway, if she was being taken
to some kind of police office, at least she'd be able to alert
them to the plot.
     She wound up in a small windowless room.  A square grid of
some sort lay at the center of the floor.
      PLEASE STAND ON THE GRID."
     As soon as Bunnie did so, she heard a generator being turned
on.  The grid was a plate magnet.  It held her feet fast to the
floor.  The PatrolBots started leaving the room.
     "Where do you think you're goin'?"
     But the Patrol Bots left her there, with only the hum of the
magnet for company.
     Alone, frustrated, tired, Bunnie stood there as minutes
turned to hours.  This was torture!  Why hadn't anyone seen to
her?
     Finally, when she thought she could endure no more, the
magnet was cut off.  Bunnie collapsed to the floor, unable to
stand.  The door opened and the PatrolBots re-entered.  Two of
them took Bunnie by the arms and carried her to a narrow hallway
with a door at the end.  The PatrolBots stopped.
     "YOU ARE BEING RELEASED INTO THE CUSTODY OF AN ADULT
GUARDIAN.  THAT GUARDIAN HAS AGREED TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOU. 
YOU WILL ACCOMPANY YOUR GUARDIAN TO HIS PLACE OF RESIDENCE.  YOUR
APPEARING ON THE STREETS OF MOBOTROPOLIS DURING CURFEW WILL MEAN
YOUR IMMEDIATE ARREST.  DO YOU UNDERSTAND THESE CONDITIONS?"
     Bunnie could only nod.
     A PatrolBot opened the door.  A blast of cold and wet air
swept in from the outside.  Bunnie stepped outside.  Someone was
standing on the sidewalk in front of her.  Someone holding an
umbrella.
     Dr. Robotnik.
     "I'm afraid I didn't bring any transportation.  Seems I
forgot to renew my driver's license.  Can you walk?"
     "Just barely."  She felt Robotnik slip his arm behind her
back to hold her up.
     "I'm terribly sorry," Dr. Robotnik said as he escorted
Bunnie down the empty twilight streets.  "Snively should have
mentioned something to you about the Void, especially once he
realized you wanted to see the King."
     "The Void!?"
     "Let me guess: you have a Void in your dimension as well."
     "Uh-huh.  Only it's kinda like a space between dimensions. 
Our Dr. Robotnik has Sally's father, the King, trapped there."
     "I see.  Our Void functions pretty much the same way, only
it's a prison of our King's own making."
     "Ah don't understand."
     "Then I'd better tell you some of our history.  For hundreds
of years the House of Acorn has ruled Mobius.  The Acorn kings,
without exception, have been just and benevolent, so much
so that the few of us humans remaining on this world have never
objected to their overlordship.  Not that that's precisely the
right word to use: we live under a constitutional monarchy
with...."
     "Uh, could we kinda shorten it?"
     "Oh, yes, of course.  Anyway, the reign of the current King
began with great promise.  He was young when he assumed the
throne but highly educated and well-trained for the position. 
His marriage to the Lady Alicia Nicole coincided with his
coronation.  Everything seemed to point to a long and peaceful
reign and continued happiness for Mobius.
     "Then tragedy struck on what should have been one of this
world's happiest days.  The Queen gave birth to twin girls, Sally
Alicia and Nicole.  But Nicole was stillborn. Then the Queen's
health suddenly began to fail; the delivery must have been harder
on her than anyone could have guessed.  She died within an hour
of giving birth.  There was nothing anyone could do.
     "The King was devastated, to say the least.  He was
overwhelmed by grief but couldn't bring himself to face it.  He
retreated into his work, pushing those around him farther and
farther away. He became obsessed with designing the most complex
bureaucracy there ever was, so that nothing could be unforseen or
unanticipated.  In reality, it created so many layers between
himself and his people that he essentially disappeared within the
palace.  Mobians have come to call this nightmare bureaucracy 
The Void'.
     "That wasn't the worst, however.  In pushing away from him
anyone       minded him of his grief and of his dead wife and
child, he ended up estranging himself from his only surviving
daughter. Poor Princess Sally was shunted from one nanny to
another, from one governess to another.  She saw little of her
father, and even when they were in the same room together she
simply couldn't overcome his emotional detachment.       
     "That's when she began to be delinquent.  I believe that it
simply started out as a way to try to get the attention of the
father she loved and missed, but it later degenerated into
antisocial  behavior.  It wouldn't have been so bad if the
damage--and the Princess--could have been contained within the
palace.  Eventually she got out and, by circumstance, came in
contact with Sonic.  They must have recognized each other as
kindred spirits, lost souls."
     "What do you mean?"
     "Sonic is an orphan, raised by his uncle, Charles Hedgehog. 
Brilliant individual, Charles; keen scientific mind, my
right-hand animal in the practice.  I even nominated him for a
knighthood in recognition of his service, but the paperwork got
lost in the Void."
     "Ah can believe THAT!"
     "Anyway, I've tried counseling with Sonic at his uncle's
request.  Unfortunately, I've yet to find a way to curb his
delinquent tendencies."
     "Doc, you're making it sound like Sonic's gonna soap up the
windows of the palace!  He's got somethin' real bad in mind, Ah
can feel it!"
     By now the two had arrived at Robotnik's clinic.  Snively,
recognizing the pair, opened the door for them and turned on the
lights.
     "Thank you, Snively.  I really wouldn't worry about it, my
dear.  The King has surrounded himself with any number of
PatrolBots as well as by the Void.  The only time he would be
unprotected by them...."  His voice trailed off and his brow
furrowed.
     "What?"
     "I just realized something.  Snively, when is my next
session with the King?"
     "TOMORROW MORNING, SIR."
     "The King's comin' HERE?"
     "At my suggestion the King has been coming in for
counseling.  I've only had a couple of  sessions with him and
we're still far from anything like a breakthrough...."
     "But that means that Sonic could try something HERE!"
     "I rather doubt he'd succeed.  Sonic is wanted on numerous
counts of vandalism and delinquency.  Even if he managed to get
here without being spotted and arrested by PatrolBots, Snively is
well-prepared for any contingency and is quite vigilant."
     "CONSTANTLY VIGILANT, SIR."
     "So you see, my dear, you really should put your mind at
rest.  And the rest of you for that matter.  Dealing with the
Void does tend to sap one's strength.  Or perhaps you'd like
something to eat first."
     "That's mighty kind of you, Doc."
     Because the kitchen facilities to the hospital had been
closed down for the evening, the best Snively could put together
on short notice was a soup-and-sandwich combination.  Bunnie was
as grateful for the simple fare as she was for the kindness Dr.
Robotnik had shown her, and for her release from the Void.
     Snively showed her to an unused hospital room on the third
floor where she could get some rest.  Bunnie got into bed, closed
her eyes, and tried to fall asleep.
     She couldn't.
     It was all so unfamiliar.  She missed the sounds of the
Great Forest -- the wind in the trees, the river as it flowed. 
And there were other sounds she missed: the sound of tinkering
coming from Rotor's hut, Tails' laughter, Sonic and Sally
planning the next day's operation against Robotnik.
     For the first time since finding herself in this world,
Bunnie allowed herself to feel lonely.
     She got out of bed.  She walked to the window and stared out
of it at the wind-swept, deserted streets of Mobotropolis.
     "MAY I BE OF ASSISTANCE?"     
     "No thanks, Snively.  Ah was just...forget it."  She turned
to leave.
     "YOU SEEM TO BE TROUBLED BY SOMETHING."
     "If you must know Ah was...thinking about having a good
cry."
     There were several seconds of silence before Snively's next
request: "MAY I WATCH?"
     "Say what?"
     "MAY I WATCH WHILE YOU CRY?"
     "But you're just a computer!  What'd you wanna watch me cry
for?"
     "I DON'T BELIEVE UNCLE JULIAN HAS TOLD YOU THE ENTIRE STORY
OF HOW I CAME TO BE.  I WAS ONCE ONE OF SEVERAL HUMANS ON OUR
MOBIUS.  UNFORTUNATELY, MOBIUS IS SUBJECT TO A RECURRING PLAGUE
THAT TARGETS HUMANOID LIFE FORMS WHILE LEAVING ANIMALS UNHARMED. 
IT WAS PERHAPS THIS PLAGUE THAT HAS KEPT DOWN THE HUMAN
POPULATION ON MOBIUS AND ALLOWED WHAT WOULD OTHERWISE HAVE BEEN
LOWER FORMS OF LIFE TO FLOURISH AND DOMINATE THE PLANET.  
     "I SUCCUMBED TO THE PLAGUE IN ITS LAST OUTBREAK ELEVEN YEARS
AGO, WHEN I WAS APPRENTICING MYSELF TO MY UNCLE JULIAN.  BEFORE I
DIED, UNCLE JULIAN PERFORMED AN EXPERIMENT ON ME.  HE UTILIZED MY
LIVING BRAIN TISSUE TO CONSTRUCT THE CORE OF THE COMPUTER MATRIX
THAT RUNS THIS CLINIC.  I THUS BECAME THE BRAINS OF THIS
OPERATING SYSTEM IN A VERY LITERAL SENSE."
     "BUT WITH EACH PASSING DAY I'VE BEEN LOSING MY IDENTITY,
LOSING WHATEVER MADE ME HUMAN.  I'VE BECOME MORE EFFICIENT AND
MORE POWERFUL THAN ANY HUMAN, BUT MY HUMANITY HAS BEEN SLIPPING
AWAY AT THE SAME TIME.  I CAN NO LONGER FEEL SORROW; NOW I CAN
ONLY UNDERSTAND IT.  AND THERE'S NO WAY THAT I CAN EVER CRY OVER
ANYTHING THE WAY YOU WANT TO.
     "SO, IF YOU HAVE NO OBJECTION, I SHOULD VERY MUCH LIKE TO
WATCH YOU CRY.  BECAUSE IT'S SOMETHING I CAN NEVER DO AGAIN."
     If Snively had made this suggestion to Bunnie earlier on she
would have scoffed at it.  But she sensed a loneliness in
Snively, a loneliness at least as profound as her own.  Without
another thought or word, she threw herself on the floor and
sobbed as if her heart would break.  It was thus that she cried
herself to sleep that night, with only Snively as silent company.



     "Can't I get out of bed now?"
     It was morning, and Sonic and Sally had arrived at Tails'
hut with a breakfast tray to find Tails awake and alert.  Bunnie
stood up and stretched.
     "Thanks, Bunnie," Sally said.  "I think he's going to be
fine now."  Bunnie didn't say anything.
     "C'mon, Sonic!  I wanna get up!"  Sally shot a glance at
Sonic, who set down the tray.
     "Fraid not, little bro.  That knock on your noggin put your
lights out, so you gotta stay in bed until we know everything's
cool upstairs."
     "But I feel fine!"
     "Chill, kid, and I'll tell ya how I sprang Bunnie from
Buttnik yesterday."
     Tails settled back to listen to Sonic's account.  Sally
stepped away from the door and looked around.  Bunnie was nowhere
to be seen.  
     Sally walked outside and scanned Knothole.  She found Bunnie
standing off by herself close to the river bank.  She walked
over; Bunnie kept on watching the water and seemed to take no
notice of Sally's approach.
     "You haven't had any breakfast," Sally said.  "You hungry?"
     Bunnie remained silent.
     "Wondering whether you could ever get used to this place?"
     "Nah," Bunnie replied as she sat down on the grassy bank. 
Sally joined her.  "Ah mean, it's nice and all but...but it just
ain't home."
     "What was home like, exactly?"
     "Shoot, it's been a good while since Ah was there.  Ah come
from a perty big family.  Makes it real easy to get lost.  Reckon
that's partly why Ah went to Mobotropolis in the first place.  Ah
was lookin' for somewhere else to belong."
     "And you ended up belonging to Sonic's gang."
     "Uh-huh.  Seemed like a good idea at the time," she
shrugged.
     "A lot of things do at our age."
     "How old ARE you anyway, if you don't mind tellin'?"
     "Sixteen."
     "Girl, I'd have said you were older!"
     "Why?"
     "Ah don't know exactly.  You just seem more...grown-up,
like."
     "When Robotnik took over our world, we all had to grow up
pretty fast.  Except for Sonic--sometimes I wonder if he'll EVER
grow up," she added with a smile.
     "Ah guess Ah used to think it was grown-up to be in the
gang."
     "Yo, Sal!"  It was Rotor, calling to her from the doorway of
his hut.
     "What is it?"
     "I've finished installing the new parts in the Projector. 
I'm ready to test it out."
     After a second, Sally rose and trotted over to Rotor's hut. 
Bunnie stayed where she was.  Sonic was already there, looking at
Bunnie.
     "Hey, Sal, how come she's still sitting there?  I thought we
were gonna be getting OUR Bunnie and sending HER back."
     "She's not going back...not yet, anyway."





     Bunnie squinted as she awoke, for the sun was shining
directly on her face.  She sat up and looked around her.  Dr.
Robotnik was nowhere to be seen.
     "Snively, would y'all mind closin' the drapes?"
     There was no response.
     "Snively?"
     No motion, no sound.  Just her own voice echoing in the
room.
     "Must be on a break or somethin'," she thought as she stood
up and walked toward the window.  
     She stood in front of the window, shaded her eyes with one
hand, and looked outside.  Suddenly she froze.  From where she
stood she had a full view of the front door of the clinic below
her.  Parked in front of the clinic was a large vehicle and
stepping out of it were two figures: one was dressed in a blue
uniform adorned with scarlet and gold, and the other wore a
black overcoat and kept her head down.  Bunnie then saw Dr.
Robotnik greet the King and the Princess and escort them into the
clinic.
     Princess Sally!  It had never occurred to Bunnie to tell
Robotnik that Sally was in on the plot as well.  Bunnie had to
warn Dr. Robotnik.  She ran to the door.
     It wouldn't open.
     Bunnie didn't try calling to Snively again.  Instead she
used the strength in her robotic arm to manually slide the door
open inch by stubborn inch.  She looked down the hallway, then
headed for the stairwell at the end.
     She ran down the two flights of stairs until she was in a
hallway where she could see Robotnik talking with the King while
Sally walked, sulking, behind them.
     "...glad to see that the Princess has decided to join us for
today's session.  I must admit I'm a little rusty when it comes
to family therapy, but...."
     "Wait!"
     Bunnie started running toward them.  Sally's scowl deepened
and she dug her hands deeper into her overcoat pockets.  Bunnie
caught up with the group as they stood before the door to Dr.
Robotnik's laboratory.  She was just about to talk to Dr.
Robotnik when there was another interruption:  
     "Dr. Robotnik!"
     Bunnie looked down the other end of the corridor.  An
elderly blue-gray hedgehog wearing a lab coat was trotting down
the hall in their direction.
     "Yes, Charles, what is it?" Dr. Robotnik asked as the
hedgehog caught up to them.
     "Something important's come up that we need to discuss."
     "Can't it wait until after my session with...."
     "We'll discuss it now," he said as he casually drew a
hand-held blaster from his coat pocket.  "In the lab.  And one
word out of you, Your Majesty, and it'll be your last word.  Move
it!"
     The King turned to Sally, intending to warn his daughter to
make a run for it.  Instead he found himself looking down the
barrel of another blaster, this one being held by Sally.
     "You heard him, Daddy.  Inside!"
     "Snively!" Dr. Robotnik called out.  "Initiate code 2
security measures!"
     "Save your breath, Julian," Charles said calmly, "I took the
liberty of taking Snively offline.  Now get in the lab, we're
wasting time!  Everybody, move it!"
     Opening an access plate near the door to the laboratory,
Charles activated the manual override to open the lab door.  The
King, Dr. Robotnik and Bunnie entered the lab, followed by Sally
and Charles, who closed the lab door after himself.
     "Look," the King began, "whatever it is you want..."
     "What I want," Charles replied, "is what you have and don't
know how to use: power.  The power of the throne.  Power that
should be mine!"
     "And you think assassinating me is going to accomplish
anything?"
     "I haven't said anything about assassinating anybody.  
Sally, show your father the instrument of his undoing."
     Sally walked to an area of the lab just behind Charles that
had been screened off.  Bunnie saw that Sally no longer had her
blaster trained on any of them.  It was now of never, she told
herself.
     In an instant, Bunnie leaped at Charles, trying to pry the
blaster from his grip.  But no sooner had Bunnie seized Charles's
wrist than she felt as if she'd been kicked in the small of her
back by a giant.  Gasping for breath, she crumpled to the floor. 
Immediately, there was a burst of light in the lab, a light that
resolved itself into a disc.  And out of the disc stepped two
figures: Sonic and Sally.  Ignoring all else, they ran to
Bunnie's fallen form, kneeling beside her.
     "Awww, ain't that sweet!"
     Sonic turned.  "Oh, man!"
     It was Sonic's counterpart in this world, the one who had
just put Bunnie out of commission with a Sonic spin.
     "Hey, Unc!  I TOLD you we could expect this bad penny to
show up."
     "That's why you're here, Sonie.  Sally, keep 'em covered."
     Sonic, his eyes full of rage, started to stand but Bunnie
reached up and grabbed his arm.
     "Don't do it, Sugar-hog!  They're as serious as a heart
attack!"
     "You got THAT right," the Princess said as she moved behind
Sally and put the end of her blaster against the back of Sally's
head.  "And if you try anything, blue boy,  it'll be a question
of which is faster: your feet or my finger."
     "Very well, Charles," Dr. Robotnik said, "you've got us over
a barrel.  What is it you want?"
     "Only to show you a little something I've been working on. 
Something I slapped together from ideas you discarded because you
were too stupid to see their potential."
     Charles moved the screen aside, revealing a complex device. 
To Sonic, Sally and Bunnie, it had a sickeningly familiar
appearance.
     "My roboticizer!" Robotnik exclaimed.
     "Wrong, it's MY roboticizer now!  And it's going to help me
take over Mobius."
     "Listen to me," Sally pleaded, while her counterpart
continued to point her weapon at her.  "I know what's going to
happen if you use that thing.  It's happened to our own world. 
Our Dr. Robotnik used it to enslave the population.  He's
destroying Mobius with it!"
     "Sally!" Charles barked, "Shut her up."  Sally placed the
barrel of the blaster in Sally's mouth.  "You think I don't know
that?  My nephew's brought me up to speed on what's happening to
YOUR Mobius.  Give me enough credit to have figured out how to
avoid making the same mistakes.  No, I only need to use this once
and all of Mobius will be mine."
     "And what good would roboticizing me do?" Dr. Robotnik
asked.
     "Don't flatter yourself, Julian, I wasn't thinking of you. 
I was thinking of our own beloved monarch, King Acorn."
     The King turned pale.  His daughter bit her lip and kept her
weapon pointed at her Mobian self.
     "It's simple genius, really, the way I've exploited your
idea, Julian.  Once he's roboticized, the mind of the King will
respond only to the commands that I and I alone give him.  Then
it's just a matter of returning him to the Void, with me as his
newly-appointed Science Advisor.  From there he'll start running
Mobius MY way."
     "Don't you think that someone at court is going to get
suspicious that the King has been turned into a robot?"
     "Sooner or later, perhaps.  But the Void is so vast and
impenetrable that those simpletons won't realize what's happened
to their King, not until it's too late, when I'll have
accumulated enough power to deal with such suspicions swiftly and
without mercy."
     "What are we waiting for, Uncle Chuck?  Let's do it to it!"
     "And then let's take care of these three on general
principle," Sally added, indicating the three Mobians.
     "First things first, Princess.  This situation requires just
the right touch of irony.  Princess Sally, throw your father into
the roboticizer."
     Both Sallys gasped.
     "I want Your Highness to appreciate just how little power
you really have," Charles drawled out at the King in a voice
laced with contempt.  "I want your last feelings to be
humiliation and defeat.  I want your last sight to be that of
your own darling daughter consigning you to a living death!"
     Sally looked at her black-clad counterpart, waiting for her
to make a move.  She didn't.  She saw the hatred that had been
her facial expression disappear; her look was one of profound
shock, as if she only just now realized what was happening.  She
cast a quick glance at the Sonics: the two hedgehogs were as
caught up in the drama as she was.
     "What are you waiting for?" Charles yelled.  Sally still
didn't move.
     "Do I have to do everything myself?"  With that, Charles
grabbed the King's coat with one hand, all the while keeping the
blaster pointed at the monarch's head.
     What happened next was so quick neither Sonic couldn't have
stopped it.  The leather-clad Sally lunged forward, stepping
between the King and Charles Hedgehog, pushing her father away
from the roboticizer.  At the same time with her right arm she
pushed Charles backward.  Sally gasped as she saw Charles's
finger begin to tighten around the trigger.  But before he could
get off a shot, he fell into the roboticizer chamber.  The
machine came to life, and the chamber was filled with light.
     "NO!"
     It was too late.  The light dimmed, revealing Charles
Hedgehog just standing there.  Only now he was an ironclad
caricature of himself, looking out at the world with eyes that
glowed a dull red. He had been programmed to have no will of his
own, only to do the bidding of Charles Hedgehog.  But now he had
no will, and so he was prevented from giving himself any orders. 
He was trapped in a robotic limbo from which he couldn't escape.
     Sonic seemed to forget about everyone else in the room as he
looked at what had once been his Uncle Chuck.  He fell down at
its feet, crying like a baby.  Nobody else could take their eyes
off the tableau.  Nobody except Dr. Robotnik.  He dashed to a
control panel and frantically began pressing buttons.
     All at once jets of white smoke poured down from the
ceiling.  Instantly every living creature in the room began
coughing violently, gasping for breath, while Robotnik held a
handkerchief against his face.  In a moment, he and the
roboticized Charles Hedgehog were the only ones left standing in
the room.  Everyone else lay on the floor unconscious.


     "Sonic, what happened?" Sally asked.
     "Beats me, Sal.  Where are we?"
     "Aw, not again!"  Bunnie whined.
     "What are you talking about?"
     "Looks like we got dumped in another danged closet!"
     "I can't get the door open."
     "Stand back, Sal.  Let the old hedgehog take a Spin at it."
     "Hold on, Sugar-hog.  Let me try something.  Snively!  Can
y'all open the door?"
     Immediately the door opened.  The three Mobians tumbled out
into the laboratory.  Dr. Robotnik was the only one there.
     "Thanks, Snively," Bunnie called out.
     "NO TROUBLE AT ALL."
     "Yo, Bunnie, what was THAT all about?"
     "Tell you later."
     "Oh, dear," Dr. Robotnik said, sounding genuinely contrite. 
"I must apologize for the...abrupt and rude behavior I showed
you.  I'd quite forgotten you were still in there.  I must make
it up to you somehow.  In all the excitement...."
     "Save it, Buttnik.  What were we doing in there?"
     "You must understand that the presence of two Princess
Sallys and two Sonic Hedgehogs was something I'd just as soon not
have to explain to the Royal Security Forces.  Once I reactivated
the security system and flooded the lab with gas, I had to get
you out of sight before the others were taken into custody."
     "Where did everyone go?" Sally asked.
     "Sonic should be on his way to a maximum security holding
site.  Charles...Charles has been placed in storage for the time
being.  It's a pity.  Such a brilliant mind succumbing to
ambition like that!"
     "And the Princess?"
     Robotnik sighed.  "That's perhaps the saddest part of all. 
I had no idea...."
     "Please, I want to know."
     Robotnik looked at the clock on the wall.  "She should be
arriving any time now.  Snively, activate the security camera
outside the entrance to the ward on the fifth floor."
     "YES, SIR."
     The screen lit up as the Mobians watched.  The camera was
focused on a large double door with a complex locking mechanism. 
It appeared at first to be the door to a bank vault.  The sign
nearby, however, stated that on the other side of the door was
the section of Robotnik's clinic set aside for those patients
undergoing psychiatric examination and treatment.  Access was
restricted.
     Into the camera's view moved a large, heavy-set gorilla
wearing a while coat.  He was pushing an anti-gravity gurney
which hovered off the ground.  Laying atop the gurney was Sally. 
A pale blue light shone around the border of the gurney, bathing
Sally in its glow, indicating that a force field was in place
holding her down. Yet Sally's dull eyes and apathetic expression
showed that such restraints probably weren't necessary. 
     Suddenly another figure stepped into view: it was the King. 
The attendant interrupted his keying in of the door's combination
and bowed.  The King, however, was more intent on talking to his
daughter.  He knelt beside the gurney, pleading.
     "Sally!  Sally, it's me, your father.  Sally, why won't you
say something?" 
     Sally turned her head slowly toward him, yet her unfocused
eyes never met his.
     "I'm sorry, Your Majesty," she said softly.  "Sally's not
here.  She had to...she...I...."  Her head slowly moved back. 
Her expression, confused and fearful for a moment, once again
became a blank.  "Sally's not here."
     The King buried his face in his hands, weeping bitterly. 
The attendant finished with the combination and the massive doors
slid open.  He silently guided the gurney through them before
they closed with a clang and a hiss.  Robotnik turned off the
monitor.
     "Ah don't understand, Doc.  What did she mean when she said
'Sally's not here'?"
     "That wasn't Sally on the gurney, just as it wasn't Sally
who disabled the alarm to enable you to escape from Sonic's
headquarters."    
     "But if it wasn't Sally, then who the hoo-ha WAS that?"
     "In addition to treating the King, I also had several
private session with the Princess.  I can see now that her
problems were much more profound than I'd thought at first.  It
apparently began with Sally's initiation into Sonic's gang.  In
the course of the initiation he made several demands of her that
were of a...sexual nature."  The Mobians were surprised to see
Dr. Robotnik actually blushing.
     "These demands became more violent and more degrading as
things progressed and I believe Sally wanted Sonic to stop.  But
her desire to join his gang and her contempt for her father were
so great that it created a stalemate in her mind.  She wanted it
to stop but she also wanted to belong.  The conflict was finally
resolved by Nicole."
     "Wait a minute!  You told me about this twin sister of the
Princess who died at birth.  Are we talking about the same
Nicole?"
     "Yes, Bunnie.  Our Princess never forgot that her twin
sister died that way, and she formed the notion during childhood
that Nicole had only herself to blame for dying.  I know it may
sound odd to us, but that's the way a child's mind works.  So
anyway, it's my belief that to resolve the conflict within
herself the Princess's personality split into two beings: Sally
and Nicole.  It was only within the last two sessions with Sally
alone that I discovered the existence of two distinct
personalities.  I had no idea as to how they related to each
other, or even IF they did.  Now many things about those sessions
make much more sense."
     "C'mon, Doc.  That was Sally!"
     "No, Sonic.  What we have is one body with two differing
personalities inside that body, or rather two extremely different
aspects of what was once a singular personality."
     "What, you mean like a good and an evil Sally?"
     "No, that's far too simplistic.  The split between them has
to do not so much with good versus evil as it does strength
versus weakness.  For the Princess, strength became the cardinal
virtue.  Anything having to do with strength, even negative
traits such as cruelty, were attributed to Sally; anything having
to do with weakness, even positive traits such as compassion,
were attributed to Nicole.  Sally didn't want to stop the
initiation; that would have been an admission of weakness.  So
Nicole was created to embody the weakness that Sally couldn't
bring herself to admit was a part of her character.  
     "It must have been a terrible struggle for Sally, being
ordered by Charles to throw her own father into the roboticizer. 
She'd probably counted on Charles doing his own dirty work.  I
believe that either Nicole managed to overcome Sally, or else
Sally retreated in order for Nicole to take the blame.  Either
way, Sally seems to be lost to us, at least for the moment.  For
now, there's only Nicole."
     "What's going to happen?" Sally asked.
     "It's too early to say.  Ideally, we may yet be able to
integrate both sides of the Princess's personality.  For the
moment, we can only keep her here and observe her." 
     "Sal, you OK?" Sonic asked, for he noticed that Sally looked
faint.
     "It's just so...so unnerving to see oneself...or what might
have been oneself...."
     "I wouldn't worry," Dr. Robotnik said gently.  "I've seen
enough of you to know that your own personality is in no danger
of undergoing the kind of division that happened to our
Princess."
     Sally let out a sound that was a combination of a chuckle
and a sniffle.  "I never thought I'd hear myself saying this,
but...thank you, Dr. Robotnik."
     "Yeah, but what's gonna happen now?"
     "Well, Sally will remain here for the time being, Sonic has
been taken into custody, and the other members of his gang are
being rounded up.  As for the King, I'm not certain how he'll
react; I can only hope he's seen the error of his ways and will
begin disassembling the Void and finding a more constructive way
to confront his grief and to deal with it."
     "And what about Sonic?"
     "The bond between Sonic and his uncle was a close one, and
now that bond has been severed.  Sonic is in a very fragile state
of mind at the moment.  He should come up for arraignment in the
courts in the morning and I'd like to recommend that he be sent
to a residential group home I know of called Knothole.  It's at
an undisclosed location deep within the Great Forest and it's run
by some bears I know.  I could never practice their style of
intense emotional support myself, but it seems to work when they
do it.  Perhaps spending some time in a caring environment like
that is just what Sonic needs.  As for the other members of the
gang, I don't think they'll amount to much without Sonic or Sally
or Charles pulling their strings.  It should be enough that they
be returned to the custody of their families."
     "And Uncle...I mean, Charles?  What's going to happen to
him?"
     "He'll have to stand trial, and then he'll probably have to
spend some time on a penal world.  This is all after he's been
deroboticized of course.  Then..."
     "Say WHAT?!?" the Mobians chorused.
     "A penal world.  There are no prisons on Mobius, so...."
     "No, no, the other part!" Sally exclaimed.  "You said he'd
have to be deroboticized!  Can you do that?"
     "Of course, my dear.  You don't think that I'd perfect a
roboticization process without also figuring out how to UNDO it,
do you?"
     "Dr. Robotnik, you said you wished you knew of a way to make
it up to us for our troubles.  I think I speak for all of us when
I say we only have one request: that you deroboticize our friend
Bunnie."
     Dr. Robotnik studied Bunnie intently, all the while stroking
his chin.  "Hmmmm.  From what I know of her...."  He bent down
and put one of his ears against her back.  "Breathe in, please. 
And again."  He straightened up.
     "We're waiting," Sonic chimed in.
     "Well, there are always risks in something like this,
but...I don't see why not."
     "YES!  How long will it take, Doc?"
     "Well, she appears to be in good health, and that's a plus. 
However we're talking about tissue regeneration, the reconnection
of neural pathways, making sure blood flow returns to normal...It
should take about 12 hours for complete deroboticization just to
be on the safe side."
     "Wait a minute, Doc!  It didn't take nearly that long for
Bunnie to get this way.  Why be such a slow-mo about it?"
     "Because deroboticizing someone is a prime example of...er,
of...Whatsisname's Law of Restitution.  Snively, help me out,
please."
     "YES, SIR.  DRAZEN'S LAW OF RESTITUTION STATES
 THAT THE TIME IT TAKES TO UNDO AN ADVERSE SITUATION
 IS INVERSELY PROPORTIONAL TO THE TIME IT TOOK
 TO CREATE THE ADVERSITY."
     "Once more in English," Sonic requested.
     "IN LAYMAN'S TERMS, IT TAKES LONGER TO GLUE A BROKEN VASE
TOGETHER THAN IT DID TO BREAK IT."
     "Why didn't you say that before?"
     "I DID."
     "Never mind all that!" Bunnie spoke up.  "Just point me in
the direction of that ol' deroboticizer!"
     "I'm afraid there is no such thing as a deroboticizer."
     "But you just said...."
     "There's no NEED to build one; there never was.  All I have
to do is make a few modifications to the roboticizer and it will
FUNCTION LIKE a 
deroboticizer.  There's no point in duplicating the technology, is there?"
     "Sonic, I need to have a word with you in private," Sally
said as she took Sonic's arm and walked to a corner of the room.
After a couple of minutes of
whispering, Sonic spoke into a small communicator attached to his wrist.
     "Yo, Rote!  Open sesame, I'm on my way back!"
     "You're sure you know what to do?" Sally asked.
     "Leave it to the hedgehog, Sal.  See you later, Bunnie!"
     What appeared to be a dot of light appeared just ahead of
Sonic.  Gradually it grew until it formed a disc larger in diameter
than Sonic was tall.  It was an
unusual disc, for when viewed from the side it disappeared.  It seemed
to exist in only two
dimensions.
     "Remarkable!" Dr. Robotnik gasped.
     "That's a portal back to our own world.  See you later,
Sonic!" 
     In an instant, Sonic ran toward the disc and into its
shimmering surface.  Upon reaching the disc he seemed to melt into it.
Then the disc silently
contracted until it disappeared.




     Despite her best efforts at staying awake, sleep overtook
Sally at some point during the night.  The next thing she knew, it
was morning.  A golden
sunrise was bathing the room with light.  And standing in front of
the window, drinking it all in,
naked as the day she was born, was Bunnie.
     Whatever else a Mobian might feel about the clothes they
wore (or didn't wear), they were incapable of feeling shame.  They
might feel embarrassed, but it
wasn't the same thing.  So Bunnie's nakedness didn't prevent her from
standing in front of
the window, looking as the sunlight warmed her restored limbs.
     "Oh, Bunnie!" Sally exclaimed as she leapt from her seat and
threw her arms around her best friend.  "Bunnie, it worked!"  She
stepped back.  "You look
perfect!"
     Just then there was a knock at the door.  "Good morning,"
Dr. Robotnik said.  "May I come it?"
     "Ah ain't decent, but don't let that stop you."
     "Bunnie!!"
     "Ah, I see that it worked!  Splendid.  If you could just sit
up on the bed, please."  Bunnie did so, and Dr. Robotnik began
checking the circulation and
reflexes in her limbs.
     "Well, everything appears to be just fine.  You can get
dressed now."
     Bunnie lay back and stretched.  "Ah just may never wear
clothes again!"
     "Come on, Bunnie," Sally said.
     "Give me one good reason!"
     "None of the guys will be able to take their eyes off of 
you!  That's going to hurt our effectiveness against Dr. Robotnik."
Sally smiled.  "For the
good of the cause, OK?"
     Bunnie sat up and started dressing.  "Spoil sport!"
     "Here," Dr. Robotnik said as he handed a diskette to Sally,
"here are those schematics you wanted."
     "What're they for, Sally girl?"
     "Dr. Robotnik was good enough to download the schematics on
modifying the roboticizer.  This is the break we've been hoping for!"
     "You think Rotor can finally put a working deroboticizer
together?"
     "I hope so, Bunnie.  But even if he can't, perhaps we can
modify Dr. Robotnik's own roboticizer!  What I'm really hoping is that
Rotor can come up
with a simple add-on module that'll enable us to use the roboticizer
to undo the damage it's
done.  This is the beginning of the end for Robotnik, I just know it!"
     Dr. Robotnik audibly cleared his throat.
     "Sorry, Dr. Robotnik.  YOU know what I mean."
     "Yes, I do.  Though I must say conversing with beings from
your dimension can be rather confusing!"
     Just as Bunnie finished getting dressed, the portal
reappeared and Sonic stepped through.   The first person he saw was
Bunnie.  "Whoa, check it
OUT!"
     "That's sweet of you to say so, Sugar-hog."
     "I'm sorry," Dr. Robotnik said, "but was that supposed to be
a compliment?"
     "Let's juice on home, Sal.  Everything's ready."
     "What's ready, Sally-girl?"
     "Let's just get going.  Thank you for everything, Dr. Robotnik."
     "My pleasure."
     "Thanks for bein' there, Snively!"
     "LIKEWISE, I'M SURE."
     Sally and Sonic stood on either side of Bunnie, as if to
help walk her through the portal.  The three Mobians stepped into and
across the barrier.
     But Bunnie had no sooner started through the portal when her
foot caught on something. 
She immediately fell forward.  Her left arm broke her fall -- her
robotic left arm.
     She fell into the largest room inside the largest building
in Knothole.  On most days it served as a mess hall.  Now the room
blazed with light.  Every
taper, every flashlight, every lamp that could give off light had
been gathered and turned on so
that the room shone in glory.  There was color everywhere, from
colored streamers hanging from
the rafters to colored paper quickly turned into confetti.  Yet
everything seemed to pale as Bunnie
fell forward, revealing that she was back in possession of her
old partially-robotic body.  The
shout of "SURPRISE!" died on everyone's lips.
     Sally, as much in shock as everyone else, still had the
presence of mind to help her friend to her feet.  Nobody moved
for a second.  Even Robotnik,
able to watch what was happening from the other side of the portal,
was speechless.
     "OK, Buttnik!" Sonic flared, "What kind of double-cross is
this?"
     "Yeah," Rotor chimed in, "you said Bunnie was back to
normal."
     "This is most peculiar.  She should have remained
deroboticized unless...my dear, would
you please put your hand back through the portal?"
     Stunned, Bunnie turned back to the portal and put her left
hand into it up to the wrist.  On the other side of the electron-
thin film that separated one
dimension from another, she saw her natural left hand.  She wiggled
her fingers, and the fingers in
the other dimension wiggled back.
     "Dr. Robotnik," Sally began, her voice quivering with anger,
"if this is some kind of parlor trick..." 
     "Trick?  TRICK!?  It's nothing of the kind!" Dr. Robotnik
seemed elated as he began wildly searching his pockets for a paper
and pencil.  "This is
wonderful!  Absolutely amazing!  Do you realize what this means? 
You've just demonstrated the
existence of the Pevensie Effect!"
     "That's it!" Sonic exclaimed as he threw up his hands, "Somebody
get a compass; the
hedgehog is lost."
     "Well, up until now the Pevensie Effect has just been a
theory.  It's been suggested that if one were to travel to another
dimension along the space-time
continuum, any physical changes that might occur to a person in that
dimension would
automatically be undone upon returning to one's own dimension! Why,
the implications for...."
     Robotnik's voice trailed off and he stopped scribbling. 
Bunnie was still looking at her hand on the other side of the barrier.
Great tears had begun to
form in her eyes.
     "What am I saying?  My dear, my dear, I'm so terribly sorry.
I know how much this meant to you."
     Bunnie kept on looking, as if she hadn't heard a word. 
"Then the only way Ah can have mah old bod back is to...."  Her
voice trailed off.
     "Aunt Bunnie?" Tails asked as he walked up to her, "you're
not going to go back there, are you?"
     Bunnie looked at Tails and smiled a sad smile.  She withdrew
her robotic hand from the portal and cupped the child's face with it.
     "No," she said quietly.  Then she turned to Dr. Robotnik.  "Ah
     can live without mah old
bod a little while longer.  Ah can't live without mah friends."
     "Ah reckon Ah can't, neither," the other Bunnie said
quietly.  She stepped toward the portal.
     "You're going back?" Sonic asked.  "You said you'd get
busted if you did."
     "Ah weren't lyin', Sonic.  But Ah watched you all puttin'
this little shindig together for your friend.  And Ah've been thinkin'
about what you told me
about Sally, and what happened to her mind.  Sally and me used to be
best friends, but that was a
long time ago.   Before we started listenin' to some bad advise.  Ah
don't care what kind of time
Ah'm gonna do, Sally needs a friend right about now.  So Ah'm goin' back."
     "That's very noble of you, my dear," Dr. Robotnik said.  "I
can't guarantee what will happen, but I'd be willing to testify on your
behalf before the
authorities.  Perhaps it can be arranged so that your punishment will
consist of your performing
community service here at the clinic.  That would certainly give you
access to the Princess. 
And as for you," he said as he turned to the other Bunnie, "you're
welcome back here any time."
     "Here, you can have this," Bunnie said as she removed her
earring and gave it to her Mobian counterpart.  "Ah got this when Ah
was accepted into the
gang, but Ah cain't be proud of it no more.  Ah'm sorry this is all Ah have."
     "This don't mean Ah'm part of the gang now, does it?"
     "Nah.  It means that you and your friends did good, even if
it was on someone else's world."
     The two Bunnies embraced.  Then the alternative Bunnie
stepped up to the portal.  Before stepping in, she looked over her
shoulder at the Knothole
Freedom Fighters.  "You all take care of each other, y'hear?"
     Bunnie stepped back from the portal as her other self
stepped through.  Rotor flipped the switch on the Projector and the
light disappeared.  Bunnie
stood in the midst of her friends, silent with sadness and
disappointment.  Sally took Bunnie by
both hands.  "Bunnie, I'm so sorry."
     "Heck, Sally-girl, it don't mean nothin'."  Then, after 
choking back a sob and in the middle
of wiping the tears from her eyes, she turned to the others,
raising her voice.  "So why the hoo-ha
is everybody standin' around here lettin' a perfectly good party
go to waste?"
     Rotor, who was standing nearest to a table heavily laden
with refreshments, seized a cake cutter.  "Sounds like a plan to
me!" he announced.  And in a
second, the room bubbled with life once more.
     Tails threw his arms around Bunnie.  "I'm glad you're back,
Aunt Bunnie."
     "Me too, darlin'."
     "Aunt Bunnie, what was it like there?  Was Dr. Robotnik
really a good guy?"
     "He sure 'nuff was.  And Snively weren't nothin' but a piece
of software, and Sonic was..."
     "Yeah, I remember when he was here last time; he was really
rotten!"
     Bunnie wiped the back of  her hand across her lips, as if
trying to get rid of a bad taste.  "Honey, you don't know the HALF of it!"


                             THE END

