~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Before we begin:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     This story takes place right after the Sonic SatAM show "The Doomsday
Project". Sonic and Sally had defeated Robotnik and destroyed the Doomsday
Machine using the energy of the Power Stones. While the Freedom Fighters
celebrate their victory over the evil tyrant, they have overlooked one
person. At what price must they pay for the failure of this soon-to-be-
catastrophe?
___________________________________________________________________________
Roboticized: Part 1-By Shayne Thames A.K.A. Princess Sally OR Shay Ranay
This story is ©1998 by Princess Sally's New Sonic Team Studios, Inc. All
Sonic the Hedgehog characters and related indica © and TM Sega of America,
Inc. Used without permission. E-Mail suggestions and/or comments (any and
all flames will be deleted without further notice) to me at:
S0NlCTEAM@aol.com. This document may be freely distributed as long as it is
not modified in any way. Be sure to visit our website at
www.sonicteam.simplenet.com
___________________________________________________________________________
~~~~~~~~~~
Prolougue:
~~~~~~~~~~
     Burning metal and piles of rubble is all that remains of the ruins of
Robotropolis. Not a single SWAT-bot survived the damage that was done by
the fast-blue hedgehog and the royal chipmunk/squirrel. Luckily, most of
the workerbots of the city escaped into a pre-selected set of co-ordinates.
This area was known as the Great Forest. These workerbots were recovered by
the Freedom Fighters of Knothole (or KH as some of the FFs started calling
it) and brought back to the village.
     A pile of metal and rubble shifted as a long, large metal tube emerged
from the ground. When it reached the height of four feet, metal doors slid
open, revealing a small little man wearing a green uniform with a cape and
gloves. He had very few hairs on his head and he had a pointy nose. He
laughed maniacally as he looked around.
     "So? The big round guy finally let Sonic defeat him!" He raised a
finger. " Well don't celebrate too soon, HEDGEHOG! Now it's my turn!" He
laughed as he stepped out of the tube. "And I'm NOT ALONE!"
     A pair of red eyes glowed from the tube as it started growling
ferociously.
~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter 1:
~~~~~~~~~~
     There was a banging on Sir Charles's door.
     "Yo, Unc! You in?" Sonic the Hedgehog called from the outside of Sir
Charles' new hut. The door opened a bit and a robotic eye peeked out. When
it saw Sonic, it opened up, revealing a robotic hedgehog with bushy eyebrows
and a mustashe. He was wearing a grey vest.
     "Ah. Yes, Sonic. What can I do for you, my boy?" Sir Charles asked.
     "Hey, Unc. A bunch of us were gonna head down to the old ruins to double
check for surviving bots and usable parts. Wanna come?" Sonic asked.
     "Eh, maybe another time, Sonic. I'm trying to work out a plan for the
deroboticizer," Sir Charles explained.
     "Alright," Sonic said. Sonic turned to run off. Sir Charles stopped
him. "Oh, and Sonic?"
     "Yeah, Unc?"
     "You've a spot of oil on your vest," Sir Charles pointed.
     Sonic looked down at his teal vest. Indeed there was a spot of oil on
the new vest Princess Sally Acorn of Mobotropolis gave him. He opened up the
flap of the vest to see how badly the oil soaked through. He quickly closed
the flap and revved up his feet. "Uh, uh, see ya, Unc!" he called quickly and
took off. Sir Charles shook his head and walked back inside. He had just
closed the door when a figure came up to him from behind. "Who was that,
Charles?"
     Sir Charles jumped a bit and looked at the figure. "Eh, relative of
ours. You'd barely know him," Sir Charles replied.
     "Close relative?" it asked.
     "Ah yes. Very close," Sir Charles said. Then he thought to himself.
*Closer than you think.*
~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter 2:
~~~~~~~~~~
     The princess was waiting outside. Waiting for the return of her four
favorite freedom fighters from the mission of dismantling any active SWAT-
bots, burrowbots, etc.
     Cat (from the SatAM episode 1: Sonic Boom), one of the roboticized
citizens of KH that regained his free will, ran up to Sally.
     "Your Highness, have you seen my electrical tape anywhere?" Cat asked.
     "No, I haven't, Cat. Has it been stolen?" Sally asked. If it's one
thing she hated, it was a thief.
     "It only went missing about 20 minutes ago," Cat said.
     "Oh, well I haven't seen it. Good luck on finding it," Sally called as
Cat ran off.
     A breeze suddenly whipped up and blew against her face. She closed her
eyes and smiled, knowing what that meant.
     She opened her eyes just in time to see a blue blur run up to her. It
screeched to a halt, revealing the blue hedgehog with the teal vest and
black belt. The white gloves he usually wore were off. His chest also
appeared to be bandaged up.
     "Sonic! What happened to you?" Sally cried.
     "Ah, don't worry, Sal. I had a little accident in my hut. But I'll be
fine. Really," Sonic said.
     "Well, okay. But take it easy," Sally cautioned.
     "I will," Sonic promised.
     They both looked into each other's eyes for a moment, then they both
leaned close. Their lips were barely a centimeter apart when they heard the
cry from the guard tower: "They're back! They're back!"
     Sally pulled away from Sonic and looked up just in time to see Bunnie
Rabbot watching the village from atop the hill. Sally waved to her. "Bunnie!
Down here!" Sally called.
     Bunnie saw her and waved back then skidded down the hill on her robotic
feet, stopping at the bottom of the hill. She ran over to Sonic and Sally.
     "Well hey, y'all! Ain't ah glad to see y'all again!" Bunnie said,
hugging the both of them.
     "Great to see you, Bunnie!" Sally said. She noticed Bunnie's outfit of
a white sweatshirt and short denim shorts dyed pink. "Great outfit too!"
     "Hey, ah see where you got a new vest!"
     Sally looked down at her purple vest she had just got this afternoon.
"You like it?"
     "Ah love it, Sugah."
     "Hey! What about me?" Sonic asked. Bunnie looked at him.
     "Lookin' sharp, Sugah-Hog," Bunnie said.
     "Hey, Sonic!" called a familiar voice.
     Sonic looked back towards the foot of the hill to see a walrus in a red
cap, red vest, tool belt, and red and white sneakers approaching him.
     "Yo, Rote! S'up?" Sonic asked.
     "You wouldn't believe it, Sonic!" Rotor said. "We dismantled robots left
and right, then we found this big ol' lake, and we met this guy claiming to
be the guardian of the lake, and he said it was the Pool of Maturity!"
     "Pool of Maturity?"
     "Yea. Kinda like the Fountain of Youth, only it does the opposite of
making you younger. It makes you older!" Rotor explained.
     "Ah," Sonic said.
     "'Allo, everyone!" came a voice from the top of the hill.
     All four looked up to see a fox with a uniform with a shirt underneath
and a brown belt around his waist. He had a very stubby tail and a heavy
french accent. He started to walk down the hill but he lost his balance and
tumbled down the hill. He landed at Sonic's feet, his coat tails over his
head. Sonic bent over and lifted the shirt tails.
     "If one thing's for certain, old Ant hasn't changed a bit." Everyone
laughed at this.
     Sally turned to Rotor. "Rotor, has anyone actually drinked from the
pool?"
     "Well..."
     "Hey, Sonic!" cried an unfamiliar older voice.
     Everyone looked up to see an older two tailed orange fox in a green cap
and green vest. He looked about 15 years old. Sally's jaw dropped. Sonic
looked at the fox suspiciously. "Who-"
     "Tails!" Sally gasped.
~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter 3:
~~~~~~~~~~
     Tails explained everything about drinking from the pool on the way to
the ruins. He also said the effects were temporary and that he should be
normal in a month or two. It wasn't long before they approached the ruins of
Robotropolis. Or so they thought.
     "What the hoo-hah?" Bunnie asked.
     "Oh gosh!" Rotor exclaimed.
     "Zut Alors!" Antoine exclaimed.
     "What the heck-?" Tails cried.
     "This is impossible!" Sally cried.
     "No way!" Sonic said.
     What they saw was a halfway rebuilt Robotropolis.
     "But, but, we trashed the place! Robuttnik's gone!" Sonic cried. "Who
could be doing this?!"
     A look of determination crossed Sally's face. "Let's find out," she
said sternly.
     All of them followed Sally into the city. All around them were fully
rebuilt SWAT-bots, but they were de-activated. Sally clutched Sonic's arm.
     "This is getting creepy, Sonic! How can all SWAT-bots and half the city
be rebuilt in just a matter of a few weeks?!" Sally asked.
     "I don't know, Sally," Sonic said. "I don't know."
~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter 4:
~~~~~~~~~~
     A shadow that looked vaguely robotic loomed over a terminal. It punched
in a few commands on the computer:
     <COMMAND: "ACTIVATE SECURITY CAMERA" LOCATION: "SECTOR ALPHA-QUADRANT
BETA-COORDINATES 5A" PASSWORD: "MS-01">
     A screen next to the terminal flickered on, showing Sonic and the
others in the city. The figure chuckled to itself.
     "Well, well. Look who decided to pay us a visit."
     "Is he here?" a voice called behind the figure.
     "Yes sir," said the figure. "Sector Alpha, Quadrant Beta, co-ordinates
5-A."
     "Good. Now, upload the command!"
     "Yes, sir!" it said and typed up:
     <COMMAND:"UPLOAD FILE 'ATTACK.COM' TO HOST COMPUTER" LOCATION: "ALPHA-
BETA-5A" PASSWORD: "TERMINATE">
     The computer reported:
     <NEGOTIATING WITH HOST COMPUTER. HOST NEGOTIATED WITH. UPLOADING FILE
NOW.....25%.....50%.....75%.....100% COMPLETED>
                    *                  *                   *
     Sonic cried out and fell over, covering his ears. "What's that noise?!"
he screamed.
     The others looked at him, puzzeled. They couldn't hear anything. Before
they had time to ask what the problem was, all of the SWAT-bots in the area
came to life.
     "INTRUDER ALERT! CAPTURE FREEDOM FIGHTERS!" they called.
     "AAH!!! Run, my princezz! RUN!!!" Antoine cried. He grabbed Sally and
Bunnie and ran.
     "Wait!" Sally cried. "Sonic's still back there!"
     Sonic was still crumpled on the ground, unable to get up. Rotor and
Tails were dodging bots left and right. One bot unexpectedly fired a missle
at Tails. Tails promptly dodged the missle but it hit a building, sending
the whole wall toppling down.
     "Sonic, Tails, LOOK OUT!!!!!!" Sally cried.
     "Huh?" Sonic called weakly, looking up.
     "What?" Tails asked, looking behind him.
     But before the hedgehog or the fox knew it, the wall crumbled on top of
them, taking out the rest of the SWAT-bots with them.
     "SONIC! TAILS! NO!!!" Sally cried.
~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter 5:
~~~~~~~~~~
     Princess Sally was sobbing next to the slab of stone that fell on top
of her loved ones. Rotor tried to comfort her while Antoine and Bunnie
hugged each other tearfully.
     "Sonic..." Sally sobbed. "No."
     Rotor looked around. All was quiet.
     The slab of stone shifted a bit. Sally took notice of this and backed
off.
     The stone raised to a height of four feet and was tossed in a
direction. From underneath came two figures. The first one was Sonic,
holding Tails (the other figure) up with one hand and clutching his bandaged
chest with the other. He was bleeding profoundedly and his vest was stained
with oil again (obviously from another bot).
     The others were amazed. Sally ran over and hugged Sonic. "Sonic! You're
alive! But how did you lift that big stone?!"
     "I-I don't know. I just tried to keep it from crushing us and I ended
up lifting it!" Sonic exclaimed.
     "Well, at least you're alive! Come on! Let's get back to KH," Sally
said.
     "KH?" asked Rotor, Tails, Antoine, and Bunnie at the same time. Sally
sighed.
     "I'll explain later."
                *                     *                     *
     There was a banging at Sir Charles's door (again).
     "Yo, Unc! You in?" Sonic called, clutching his chest. "I need to talk to
you! It's important!" No answer. "Hmm. Unc must be out. Oh well. I'll wait
in here till he gets back," Sonic said, walking in. He just made himself
comfortable when a voice growled.
     "What are you doing in here without Sir Charles' permission?" it
growled. Sonic leaped to his feet and assumed a fighting stance.
     "Who's there?" he called.
     A robotic hedgehog that was obviously not his uncle appeared from the
shadows and lifted him off the ground by the neck.
     "I ASKED YOU FIRSTED, HEDGEHOG! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!"
     "PUT HIM DOWN, JULES!" a rough voice growled.
     Jules looked at Sir Charles, who was standing in the doorway of his
hut, his eyes glowing red. Jules dropped him and Sonic collapsed on the
ground, gasping for air. "Jules?" he gasped.
     "You know this-this this this-this *thing*?!" Jules cried angrily.
     "That *thing* happens to be your son!"
~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter 6:
~~~~~~~~~~
     "My...son?" Jules gasped, looking disbelievingly at Sonic. He had his
eyes closed from exhaustion.
     "What's going on here?" a voice called from the other room.
     A female robotic hedgehog walked in to see Jules and Charles at a face-
off.
     "Boys! Why are you-" she started. She gasped when she saw Sonic laying
on the floor.
     Jules looked at her. "Bernie? Something wrong?"
     Sonic barely lifted his head and saw the one now identifyed as Bernie.
"Mom?" he called quietly.
     Bernie looked at Charles with sad eyes. "Charles? Is that my little
Maurice?" she whispered.
     "He ain't so little now, Bernie," Sir Charles said.
     Sonic rolled over and got up, still a bit woozy. He looked at both
Jules and Bernie then to Sir Charles. "Uncle Chuck?" he whispered. "That Mom
and Dad?"
     Jules and Bernie looked at each other, both with a sad look in their
eyes.
     Jules approached Sonic slowly. Sonic, still a little wary of him,
backed off into a wall. Jules grasped his hand firmly.
     "I guess we have a few years of catching up to do. I'm only sorry it
started off on the wrong foot...Son," he replied. Sonic finally smiled.
     "Join us for dinner? Meet my friends?" he asked.
     "We'd love to," Jules said. Sonic looked at his hand and put it behind
his back. "Well, uh. Better go get ready for dinner! See ya!" he said
quickly.
     "Oh, Sonic?" Bernie called.
     "Y-yes...Mom?" Sonic replied.
     "You may want to change those bandages. Electrical tape isn't exactly
the best thing for cuts," Bernie advised.
     Sonic held his bandaged chest. "Uh, right," he said and ran out. Sir
Charles turned to Bernie.
     "*Electrical tape*?!"
~~~~~~~~~~
Epilougue:
~~~~~~~~~~
     In a dark room in Robotropolis, a shadow loomed over the figure that
was watching a monotor.
     "What's the status on the first test subject?" the shadow asked.
     "89% roboticization complete, sir," the figure replied.
     "And the second?"
     "Uh, 23, sir."
     The shadow chuckled. "These Nanobots are a perfect plan. When those
*Freedom Fighters* find two of their kind roboticized right before their
eyes, they'll know that I am the most powerful being on Mobius!"
                  *                   *                   *
     A roboticized hand flexed itself as it slipped into a black leather
glove by a flesh hand. "What's happening to me?" the figure asked itself,
running its leather-gloved hand down its partially roboticized chest. He
pulled the electrical tape back over his chest. "I know electrical tape
doesn't help cuts, but these aren't ordinary cuts," Sonic whispered to
himself, gazing out the window of his dark hut. "What'll I do?"
     His eyes glowed red as he gazed at the crescent moon that lit up the
night that was to mark the begining of the end for the Freedom Fighters.
                            TO BE CONTINUED.....